---
title: ngx_http_core_module
description: ngx_http_core_module
toc: true
nd-org-source: http/ngx_http_core_module.xml
nd-commercial: false
nd-commercial-partial: false
---


<!--
      ********************************************************************************
      🛑 WARNING: AUTOGENERATED FILE - DO NOT EDIT 🛑 This Markdown file was
      automatically generated from the source XML documentation. Any manual
      changes made directly to this file will be overwritten. To request or
      suggest changes, please edit the source XML files instead.
      https://github.com/nginx/nginx.org/tree/main/xml/en
      ********************************************************************************
      -->

## Directives

### absolute_redirect

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>absolute_redirect</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>absolute_redirect on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.11.8._


If disabled, redirects issued by nginx will be relative.

See also [server_name_in_redirect](#server_name_in_redirect)
and [port_in_redirect](#port_in_redirect) directives.
### aio

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>aio</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>|</i> <i>threads</i> <i>[</i> <i>=</i> <i>pool</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>aio off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 0.8.11._


Enables or disables the use of asynchronous file I/O (AIO)
on FreeBSD and Linux:

```nginx 
location /video/ {
    aio            on;
    output_buffers 1 64k;
}
 ```


On FreeBSD, AIO can be used starting from FreeBSD 4.3.
Prior to FreeBSD 11.0,
AIO can either be linked statically into a kernel:

```nginx 
options VFS_AIO
 ```


or loaded dynamically as a kernel loadable module:

```nginx 
kldload aio
 ```


On Linux, AIO can be used starting from kernel version 2.6.22.
Also, it is necessary to enable
[directio](#directio),
or otherwise reading will be blocking:

```nginx 
location /video/ {
    aio            on;
    directio       512;
    output_buffers 1 128k;
}
 ```


On Linux,
[directio](#directio)
can only be used for reading blocks that are aligned on 512-byte
boundaries (or 4K for XFS).
File’s unaligned end is read in blocking mode.
The same holds true for byte range requests and for FLV requests
not from the beginning of a file: reading of unaligned data at the
beginning and end of a file will be blocking.

When both AIO and [sendfile](#sendfile) are enabled on Linux,
AIO is used for files that are larger than or equal to
the size specified in the [directio](#directio) directive,
while [sendfile](#sendfile) is used for files of smaller sizes
or when [directio](#directio) is disabled.

```nginx 
location /video/ {
    sendfile       on;
    aio            on;
    directio       8m;
}
 ```


Finally, files can be read and [sendfile](#sendfile)
using multi-threading (1.7.11),
without blocking a worker process:

```nginx 
location /video/ {
    sendfile       on;
    aio            threads;
}
 ```


Read and send file operations are offloaded to threads of the specified
[pool]({{< relref "../ngx_core_module#thread_pool" >}}).
If the pool name is omitted,
the pool with the name “`default`” is used.
The pool name can also be set with variables:

```nginx 
aio threads=pool$disk;
 ```


By default, multi-threading is disabled, it should be
enabled with the
`--with-threads` configuration parameter.
Currently, multi-threading is compatible only with the
[epoll]({{< relref "../events#epoll" >}}),
[kqueue]({{< relref "../events#kqueue" >}}),
and
[eventport]({{< relref "../events#eventport" >}}) methods.
Multi-threaded sending of files is only supported on Linux.

See also the [sendfile](#sendfile) directive.
### aio_write

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>aio_write</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>aio_write off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.9.13._


If [aio](#aio) is enabled, specifies whether it is used for writing files.
Currently, this only works when using
`aio threads`
and is limited to writing temporary files
with data received from proxied servers.
### alias

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>alias</strong> <i>path</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines a replacement for the specified location.
For example, with the following configuration

```nginx 
location /i/ {
    alias /data/w3/images/;
}
 ```


on request of
“`/i/top.gif`”, the file
/data/w3/images/top.gif will be sent.

The `path` value can contain variables,
except `$document_root` and `$realpath_root`.

If `alias` is used inside a location defined
with a regular expression then such regular expression should
contain captures and `alias` should refer to
these captures (0.7.40), for example:

```nginx 
location ~ ^/users/(.+\.(?:gif|jpe?g|png))$ {
    alias /data/w3/images/$1;
}
 ```


When location matches the last part of the directive’s value:

```nginx 
location /images/ {
    alias /data/w3/images/;
}
 ```


it is better to use the
[root](#root)
directive instead:

```nginx 
location /images/ {
    root /data/w3;
}
 ```

### auth_delay

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>auth_delay</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>auth_delay 0s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.17.10._


Delays processing of unauthorized requests with 401 response code
to prevent timing attacks when access is limited by
[password]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_basic_module" >}}), by the
[result of subrequest]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_request_module" >}}),
or by [JWT]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_jwt_module" >}}).
### chunked_transfer_encoding

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>chunked_transfer_encoding</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>chunked_transfer_encoding on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Allows disabling chunked transfer encoding in HTTP/1.1.
It may come in handy when using a software failing to support
chunked encoding despite the standard’s requirement.
### client_body_buffer_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_body_buffer_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_body_buffer_size 8k|16k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets buffer size for reading client request body.
In case the request body is larger than the buffer,
the whole body or only its part is written to a
[client_body_temp_path](#client_body_temp_path).
By default, buffer size is equal to two memory pages.
This is 8K on x86, other 32-bit platforms, and x86-64.
It is usually 16K on other 64-bit platforms.
### client_body_in_file_only

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_body_in_file_only</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>clean</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_body_in_file_only off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Determines whether nginx should save the entire client request body
into a file.
This directive can be used during debugging, or when using the
`$request_body_file`
variable, or the
[$r->request_body_file]({{< relref "ngx_http_perl_module#methods" >}})
method of the module
[ngx_http_perl_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_perl_module" >}}).

When set to the value `on`, temporary files are not
removed after request processing.

The value `clean` will cause the temporary files
left after request processing to be removed.
### client_body_in_single_buffer

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_body_in_single_buffer</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_body_in_single_buffer off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Determines whether nginx should save the entire client request body
in a single buffer.
The directive is recommended when using the
`$request_body`
variable, to save the number of copy operations involved.
### client_body_temp_path

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_body_temp_path</strong> <i>path</i> <i>[</i> <i>level1</i> <i>[</i> <i>level2</i> <i>[</i> <i>level3</i> <i>]]]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_body_temp_path client_body_temp;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines a directory for storing temporary files holding client request bodies.
Up to three-level subdirectory hierarchy can be used under the specified
directory.
For example, in the following configuration

```nginx 
client_body_temp_path /spool/nginx/client_temp 1 2;
 ```


a path to a temporary file might look like this:

```nginx 
/spool/nginx/client_temp/7/45/00000123457
 ```

### client_body_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_body_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_body_timeout 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines a timeout for reading client request body.
The timeout is set only for a period between two successive read operations,
not for the transmission of the whole request body.
If a client does not transmit anything within this time, the
request is terminated with the

error.
### client_header_buffer_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_header_buffer_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_header_buffer_size 1k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets buffer size for reading client request header.
For most requests, a buffer of 1K bytes is enough.
However, if a request includes long cookies, or comes from a WAP client,
it may not fit into 1K.
If a request line or a request header field does not fit into
this buffer then larger buffers, configured by the
[large_client_header_buffers](#large_client_header_buffers) directive,
are allocated.

If the directive is specified on the [server](#server) level,
the value from the default server can be used.
Details are provided in the
“[Virtual
server selection]({{< relref "server_names#virtual_server_selection" >}})” section.
### client_header_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_header_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_header_timeout 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines a timeout for reading client request header.
If a client does not transmit the entire header within this time, the
request is terminated with the

error.
### client_max_body_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>client_max_body_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>client_max_body_size 1m;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the maximum allowed size of the client request body.
If the size in a request exceeds the configured value, the

error is returned to the client.
Please be aware that
browsers cannot correctly display
this error.
Setting `size` to 0 disables checking of client
request body size.
### connection_pool_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>connection_pool_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>connection_pool_size 256|512;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Allows accurate tuning of per-connection memory allocations.
This directive has minimal impact on performance
and should not generally be used.
By default, the size is equal to
256 bytes on 32-bit platforms and 512 bytes on 64-bit platforms.

> Prior to version 1.9.8, the default value was 256 on all platforms.

### default_type

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>default_type</strong> <i>mime-type</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>default_type text/plain;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines the default MIME type of a response.
Mapping of file name extensions to MIME types can be set
with the [types](#types) directive.
### directio

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>directio</strong> <i>size</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>directio off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 0.7.7._


Enables the use of
the O_DIRECT flag (FreeBSD, Linux),
the F_NOCACHE flag (macOS),
or the `directio()` function (Solaris),
when reading files that are larger than or equal to
the specified `size`.
The directive automatically disables (0.7.15) the use of
[sendfile](#sendfile)
for a given request.
It can be useful for serving large files:

```nginx 
directio 4m;
 ```


or when using [aio](#aio) on Linux.
### directio_alignment

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>directio_alignment</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>directio_alignment 512;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 0.8.11._


Sets the alignment for
[directio](#directio).
In most cases, a 512-byte alignment is enough.
However, when using XFS under Linux, it needs to be increased to 4K.
### disable_symlinks

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>disable_symlinks</strong> <i>off</i>;</code><br/><code><strong>disable_symlinks</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>if_not_owner</i> <i>[</i> <i>from</i> <i>=</i> <i>part</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>disable_symlinks off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.1.15._


Determines how symbolic links should be treated when opening files:

`off`


Symbolic links in the pathname are allowed and not checked.
This is the default behavior.


`on`


If any component of the pathname is a symbolic link,
access to a file is denied.


`if_not_owner`


Access to a file is denied if any component of the pathname
is a symbolic link, and the link and object that the link
points to have different owners.


`from`=`part`


When checking symbolic links
(parameters `on` and `if_not_owner`),
all components of the pathname are normally checked.
Checking of symbolic links in the initial part of the pathname
may be avoided by specifying additionally the
`from`=`part` parameter.
In this case, symbolic links are checked only from
the pathname component that follows the specified initial part.
If the value is not an initial part of the pathname checked, the whole
pathname is checked as if this parameter was not specified at all.
If the value matches the whole file name,
symbolic links are not checked.
The parameter value can contain variables.




Example:

```nginx 
disable_symlinks on from=$document_root;
 ```


This directive is only available on systems that have the
`openat()` and `fstatat()` interfaces.
Such systems include modern versions of FreeBSD, Linux, and Solaris.

Parameters `on` and `if_not_owner`
add a processing overhead.

> On systems that do not support opening of directories only for search, to use these parameters it is required that worker processes have read permissions for all directories being checked.


> The [ngx_http_autoindex_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_autoindex_module" >}}) , [ngx_http_random_index_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_random_index_module" >}}) , and [ngx_http_dav_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_dav_module" >}}) modules currently ignore this directive.

### early_hints

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>early_hints</strong> <i>string</i> <i>...</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.29.0._


Defines conditions under which
the  response
will be passed to a client.
If at least one value of the string parameters is not empty and is not
equal to “0” then the response will be passed:

```nginx 
map $http_sec_fetch_mode $early_hints {
    navigate $http2$http3;
}

server {
    ...
    location / {
        early_hints $early_hints;
        proxy_pass http://example.com;
    }
}
 ```

### error_page

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>error_page</strong> <i>code</i> <i>... [</i> <i>=</i> <i>[</i> <i>response</i> <i>]]</i> <i>uri</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code>, <code>if in location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines the URI that will be shown for the specified errors.
A `uri` value can contain variables.

Example:

```nginx 
error_page 404             /404.html;
error_page 500 502 503 504 /50x.html;
 ```


This causes an internal redirect to the specified `uri`
with the client request method changed to “`GET`”
(for all methods other than
“`GET`” and “`HEAD`”).

Furthermore, it is possible to change the response code to another
using the “`=``response`” syntax, for example:

```nginx 
error_page 404 =200 /empty.gif;
 ```


If an error response is processed by a proxied server
or a FastCGI/uwsgi/SCGI/gRPC server,
and the server may return different response codes (e.g., 200, 302, 401
or 404), it is possible to respond with the code it returns:

```nginx 
error_page 404 = /404.php;
 ```


If there is no need to change URI and method during internal redirection
it is possible to pass error processing into a named location:

```nginx 
location / {
    error_page 404 = @fallback;
}

location @fallback {
    proxy_pass http://backend;
}
 ```


> If `uri` processing leads to an error, the status code of the last occurred error is returned to the client.


It is also possible to use URL redirects for error processing:

```nginx 
error_page 403      http://example.com/forbidden.html;
error_page 404 =301 http://example.com/notfound.html;
 ```


In this case, by default, the response code 302 is returned to the client.
It can only be changed to one of the redirect status
codes (301, 302, 303, 307, and 308).

> The code 307 was not treated as a redirect until versions 1.1.16 and 1.0.13.


> The code 308 was not treated as a redirect until version 1.13.0.


These directives are inherited from the previous configuration level
if and only if there are no `error_page` directives
defined on the current level.
### etag

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>etag</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>etag on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.3.3._


Enables or disables automatic generation of the `ETag`
response header field for static resources.
### http

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>http</strong> { ... }</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>main</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Provides the configuration file context in which the HTTP server directives
are specified.
### if_modified_since

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>if_modified_since</strong> <i>off</i> <i>|</i> <i>exact</i> <i>|</i> <i>before</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>if_modified_since exact;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 0.7.24._


Specifies how to compare modification time of a response
with the time in the
`If-Modified-Since`
request header field:


`off`


the response is always considered modified (0.7.34);


`exact`


exact match;


`before`


modification time of the response is
less than or equal to the time in the `If-Modified-Since`
request header field.



### ignore_invalid_headers

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>ignore_invalid_headers</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>ignore_invalid_headers on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Controls whether header fields with invalid names should be ignored.
Valid names are composed of English letters, digits, hyphens, and possibly
underscores (as controlled by the [underscores_in_headers](#underscores_in_headers)
directive).

If the directive is specified on the [server](#server) level,
the value from the default server can be used.
Details are provided in the
“[Virtual
server selection]({{< relref "server_names#virtual_server_selection" >}})” section.
### internal

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>internal</strong>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies that a given location can only be used for internal requests.
For external requests, the client error

is returned.
Internal requests are the following:


- requests redirected by the [error_page](#error_page) , [index]({{< relref "ngx_http_index_module#index" >}}) , [internal_redirect]({{< relref "ngx_http_internal_redirect_module#internal_redirect" >}}) , [random_index]({{< relref "ngx_http_random_index_module#random_index" >}}) , and [try_files](#try_files) directives;
- requests redirected by the `X-Accel-Redirect` response header field from an upstream server;
- subrequests formed by the “ `include virtual` ” command of the [ngx_http_ssi_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_ssi_module" >}}) module, by the [ngx_http_addition_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_addition_module" >}}) module directives, and by [auth_request]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_request_module#auth_request" >}}) and [mirror]({{< relref "ngx_http_mirror_module#mirror" >}}) directives;
- requests changed by the [rewrite]({{< relref "ngx_http_rewrite_module#rewrite" >}}) directive.


Example:

```nginx 
error_page 404 /404.html;

location = /404.html {
    internal;
}
 ```


> There is a limit of 10 internal redirects per request to prevent request processing cycles that can occur in incorrect configurations. If this limit is reached, the error  is returned. In such cases, the “rewrite or internal redirection cycle” message can be seen in the error log.

### keepalive_disable

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>keepalive_disable</strong> <i>none</i> <i>|</i> <i>browser</i> <i>...</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>keepalive_disable msie6;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Disables keep-alive connections with misbehaving browsers.
The `browser` parameters specify which
browsers will be affected.
The value `msie6` disables keep-alive connections
with old versions of MSIE, once a POST request is received.
The value `safari` disables keep-alive connections
with Safari and Safari-like browsers on macOS and macOS-like
operating systems.
The value `none` enables keep-alive connections
with all browsers.

> Prior to version 1.1.18, the value `safari` matched all Safari and Safari-like browsers on all operating systems, and keep-alive connections with them were disabled by default.

### keepalive_min_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>keepalive_min_timeout</strong> <i>timeout</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>keepalive_min_timeout 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.27.4._


Sets a timeout during which a keep-alive
client connection will not be closed on the server side
for connection reuse or on graceful shutdown of worker processes.
### keepalive_requests

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>keepalive_requests</strong> <i>number</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>keepalive_requests 1000;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 0.8.0._


Sets the maximum number of requests that can be
served through one keep-alive connection.
After the maximum number of requests are made, the connection is closed.

Closing connections periodically is necessary to free
per-connection memory allocations.
Therefore, using too high maximum number of requests
could result in excessive memory usage and not recommended.

> Prior to version 1.19.10, the default value was 100.

### keepalive_time

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>keepalive_time</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>keepalive_time 1h;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.19.10._


Limits the maximum time during which
requests can be processed through one keep-alive connection.
After this time is reached, the connection is closed
following the subsequent request processing.
### keepalive_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>keepalive_timeout</strong> <i>timeout</i> <i>[</i> <i>header_timeout</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>keepalive_timeout 75s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


The first parameter sets a timeout during which a keep-alive
client connection will stay open on the server side.
The zero value disables keep-alive client connections.
The optional second parameter sets a value in the
`Keep-Alive: timeout=time`
response header field.
Two parameters may differ.

The
`Keep-Alive: timeout=time`
header field is recognized by Mozilla and Konqueror.
MSIE closes keep-alive connections by itself in about 60 seconds.
### large_client_header_buffers

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>large_client_header_buffers</strong> <i>number</i> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>large_client_header_buffers 4 8k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the maximum `number` and `size` of
buffers used for reading large client request header.
A request line cannot exceed the size of one buffer, or the

error is returned to the client.
A request header field cannot exceed the size of one buffer as well, or the

error is returned to the client.
Buffers are allocated only on demand.
By default, the buffer size is equal to 8K bytes.
If after the end of request processing a connection is transitioned
into the keep-alive state, these buffers are released.

If the directive is specified on the [server](#server) level,
the value from the default server can be used.
Details are provided in the
“[Virtual
server selection]({{< relref "server_names#virtual_server_selection" >}})” section.
### limit_except

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>limit_except</strong> <i>method</i> <i>...</i> { ... }</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Limits allowed HTTP methods inside a location.
The `method` parameter can be one of the following:
`GET`,
`HEAD`,
`POST`,
`PUT`,
`DELETE`,
`MKCOL`,
`COPY`,
`MOVE`,
`OPTIONS`,
`PROPFIND`,
`PROPPATCH`,
`LOCK`,
`UNLOCK`,
or
`PATCH`.
Allowing the `GET` method makes the
`HEAD` method also allowed.
Access to other methods can be limited using the
[ngx_http_access_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_access_module" >}}),
[ngx_http_auth_basic_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_basic_module" >}}),
and
[ngx_http_auth_jwt_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_jwt_module" >}})
(1.13.10)
modules directives:

```nginx 
limit_except GET {
    allow 192.168.1.0/32;
    deny  all;
}
 ```


Please note that this will limit access to all methods
*except* GET and HEAD.
### limit_rate

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>limit_rate</strong> <i>rate</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>limit_rate 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code>, <code>if in location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Limits the rate of response transmission to a client.
The `rate` is specified in bytes per second.
The zero value disables rate limiting.

The limit is set per a request, and so if a client simultaneously opens
two connections, the overall rate will be twice as much
as the specified limit.

Parameter value can contain variables (1.17.0).
It may be useful in cases where rate should be limited
depending on a certain condition:

```nginx 
map $slow $rate {
    1     4k;
    2     8k;
}

limit_rate $rate;
 ```


Rate limit can also be set in the
[var_limit_rate](#var_limit_rate) variable,
however, since version 1.17.0, this method is not recommended:

```nginx 
server {

    if ($slow) {
        set $limit_rate 4k;
    }

    ...
}
 ```


Rate limit can also be set in the
`X-Accel-Limit-Rate` header field of a proxied server response.
This capability can be disabled using the
[proxy_ignore_headers]({{< relref "ngx_http_proxy_module#proxy_ignore_headers" >}}),
[fastcgi_ignore_headers]({{< relref "ngx_http_fastcgi_module#fastcgi_ignore_headers" >}}),
[uwsgi_ignore_headers]({{< relref "ngx_http_uwsgi_module#uwsgi_ignore_headers" >}}),
and
[scgi_ignore_headers]({{< relref "ngx_http_scgi_module#scgi_ignore_headers" >}})
directives.
### limit_rate_after

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>limit_rate_after</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>limit_rate_after 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code>, <code>if in location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 0.8.0._


Sets the initial amount after which the further transmission
of a response to a client will be rate limited.
Parameter value can contain variables (1.17.0).

Example:

```nginx 
location /flv/ {
    flv;
    limit_rate_after 500k;
    limit_rate       50k;
}
 ```

### lingering_close

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>lingering_close</strong> <i>off</i> <i>|</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>always</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>lingering_close on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.1.0._


Controls how nginx closes client connections.

The default value “`on`” instructs nginx to
[lingering_timeout](#lingering_timeout) and
[lingering_time](#lingering_time) additional data from a client
before fully closing a connection, but only
if heuristics suggests that a client may be sending more data.

The value “`always`” will cause nginx to unconditionally
wait for and process additional client data.

The value “`off`” tells nginx to never wait for
more data and close the connection immediately.
This behavior breaks the protocol and should not be used under normal
circumstances.

To control closing
[HTTP/2]({{< relref "ngx_http_v2_module" >}}) connections,
the directive must be specified on the [server](#server) level (1.19.1).
### lingering_time

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>lingering_time</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>lingering_time 30s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


When [lingering_close](#lingering_close) is in effect,
this directive specifies the maximum time during which nginx
will process (read and ignore) additional data coming from a client.
After that, the connection will be closed, even if there will be
more data.
### lingering_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>lingering_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>lingering_timeout 5s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


When [lingering_close](#lingering_close) is in effect, this directive specifies
the maximum waiting time for more client data to arrive.
If data are not received during this time, the connection is closed.
Otherwise, the data are read and ignored, and nginx starts waiting
for more data again.
The “wait-read-ignore” cycle is repeated, but no longer than specified by the
[lingering_time](#lingering_time) directive.
### listen

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>listen</strong> <i>address</i> <i>[:</i> <i>port</i> <i>] [</i> <i>default_server</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ssl</i> <i>] [</i> <i>http2</i> <i>|</i> <i>quic</i> <i>] [</i> <i>proxy_protocol</i> <i>] [</i> <i>setfib</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>fastopen</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>backlog</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>rcvbuf</i> <i>=</i> <i>size</i> <i>] [</i> <i>sndbuf</i> <i>=</i> <i>size</i> <i>] [</i> <i>accept_filter</i> <i>=</i> <i>filter</i> <i>] [</i> <i>deferred</i> <i>] [</i> <i>bind</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ipv6only</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>] [</i> <i>reuseport</i> <i>] [</i> <i>so_keepalive</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>|[</i> <i>keepidle</i> <i>]:[</i> <i>keepintvl</i> <i>]:[</i> <i>keepcnt</i> <i>]]</i>;</code><br/><code><strong>listen</strong> <i>port</i> <i>[</i> <i>default_server</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ssl</i> <i>] [</i> <i>http2</i> <i>|</i> <i>quic</i> <i>] [</i> <i>proxy_protocol</i> <i>] [</i> <i>setfib</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>fastopen</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>backlog</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>rcvbuf</i> <i>=</i> <i>size</i> <i>] [</i> <i>sndbuf</i> <i>=</i> <i>size</i> <i>] [</i> <i>accept_filter</i> <i>=</i> <i>filter</i> <i>] [</i> <i>deferred</i> <i>] [</i> <i>bind</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ipv6only</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>] [</i> <i>reuseport</i> <i>] [</i> <i>so_keepalive</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>|[</i> <i>keepidle</i> <i>]:[</i> <i>keepintvl</i> <i>]:[</i> <i>keepcnt</i> <i>]]</i>;</code><br/><code><strong>listen</strong> <i>unix:</i> <i>path</i> <i>[</i> <i>default_server</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ssl</i> <i>] [</i> <i>http2</i> <i>|</i> <i>quic</i> <i>] [</i> <i>proxy_protocol</i> <i>] [</i> <i>backlog</i> <i>=</i> <i>number</i> <i>] [</i> <i>rcvbuf</i> <i>=</i> <i>size</i> <i>] [</i> <i>sndbuf</i> <i>=</i> <i>size</i> <i>] [</i> <i>accept_filter</i> <i>=</i> <i>filter</i> <i>] [</i> <i>deferred</i> <i>] [</i> <i>bind</i> <i>] [</i> <i>so_keepalive</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>|[</i> <i>keepidle</i> <i>]:[</i> <i>keepintvl</i> <i>]:[</i> <i>keepcnt</i> <i>]]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>listen *:80 | *:8000;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the `address` and `port` for IP,
or the `path` for a UNIX-domain socket on which
the server will accept requests.
Both `address` and `port`,
or only `address` or only `port` can be specified.
An `address` may also be a hostname, for example:

```nginx 
listen 127.0.0.1:8000;
listen 127.0.0.1;
listen 8000;
listen *:8000;
listen localhost:8000;
 ```


IPv6 addresses (0.7.36) are specified in square brackets:

```nginx 
listen [::]:8000;
listen [::1];
 ```


UNIX-domain sockets (0.8.21) are specified with the “`unix:`”
prefix:

```nginx 
listen unix:/var/run/nginx.sock;
 ```


If only `address` is given, the port 80 is used.

If the directive is not present then either `*:80` is used
if nginx runs with the superuser privileges, or `*:8000`
otherwise.

The `default_server` parameter, if present,
will cause the server to become the default server for the specified
`address`:`port` pair.
If none of the directives have the `default_server`
parameter then the first server with the
`address`:`port` pair will be
the default server for this pair.

> In versions prior to 0.8.21 this parameter is named simply `default` .


The `ssl` parameter (0.7.14) allows specifying that all
connections accepted on this port should work in SSL mode.
This allows for a more compact [configuration]({{< relref "configuring_https_servers#single_http_https_server" >}}) for the server that
handles both HTTP and HTTPS requests.

The `http2` parameter (1.9.5) configures the port to accept
[HTTP/2]({{< relref "ngx_http_v2_module" >}}) connections.
Normally, for this to work the `ssl` parameter should be
specified as well, but nginx can also be configured to accept HTTP/2
connections without SSL.

> The parameter is deprecated, the [http2]({{< relref "ngx_http_v2_module#http2" >}}) directive should be used instead.


The `quic` parameter (1.25.0) configures the port to accept
[QUIC]({{< relref "ngx_http_v3_module" >}}) connections.

The `proxy_protocol` parameter (1.5.12)
allows specifying that all connections accepted on this port should use the
[PROXY
protocol](http://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt).

> The PROXY protocol version 2 is supported since version 1.13.11.


The `listen` directive
can have several additional parameters specific to socket-related system calls.
These parameters can be specified in any
`listen` directive, but only once for a given
`address`:`port` pair.

> In versions prior to 0.8.21, they could only be specified in the `listen` directive together with the `default` parameter.


`setfib`=`number`


this parameter (0.8.44) sets the associated routing table, FIB
(the SO_SETFIB option) for the listening socket.
This currently works only on FreeBSD.


`fastopen`=`number`


enables
“[TCP Fast Open](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TCP_Fast_Open)”
for the listening socket (1.5.8) and
[limits](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7413#section-5.1)
the maximum length for the queue of connections that have not yet completed
the three-way handshake.

> Do not enable this feature unless the server can handle receiving the [
same SYN packet with data](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7413#section-6.1) more than once.



`backlog`=`number`


sets the `backlog` parameter in the
`listen()` call that limits
the maximum length for the queue of pending connections.
By default,
`backlog` is set to -1 on FreeBSD, DragonFly BSD, and macOS,
and to 511 on other platforms.


`rcvbuf`=`size`


sets the receive buffer size
(the SO_RCVBUF option) for the listening socket.


`sndbuf`=`size`


sets the send buffer size
(the SO_SNDBUF option) for the listening socket.


`accept_filter`=`filter`


sets the name of accept filter
(the SO_ACCEPTFILTER option) for the listening socket
that filters incoming connections before passing them to
`accept()`.
This works only on FreeBSD and NetBSD 5.0+.
Possible values are
[dataready](http://man.freebsd.org/accf_data)
and
[httpready](http://man.freebsd.org/accf_http).


`deferred`


instructs to use a deferred `accept()`
(the TCP_DEFER_ACCEPT socket option) on Linux.


`bind`


instructs to make a separate `bind()` call for a given
`address`:`port` pair.
This is useful because if there are several `listen`
directives with the same port but different addresses, and one of the
`listen` directives listens on all addresses
for the given port (`*:``port`), nginx
will `bind()` only to `*:``port`.
It should be noted that the `getsockname()` system call will be
made in this case to determine the address that accepted the connection.
If the `setfib`,
`fastopen`,
`backlog`, `rcvbuf`,
`sndbuf`, `accept_filter`,
`deferred`, `ipv6only`,
`reuseport`,
or `so_keepalive` parameters
are used then for a given
`address`:`port` pair
a separate `bind()` call will always be made.


`ipv6only`=`on`|`off`


this parameter (0.7.42) determines
(via the IPV6_V6ONLY socket option)
whether an IPv6 socket listening on a wildcard address `[::]`
will accept only IPv6 connections or both IPv6 and IPv4 connections.
This parameter is turned on by default.
It can only be set once on start.

> Prior to version 1.3.4, if this parameter was omitted then the operating system’s settings were in effect for the socket.



`reuseport`


this parameter (1.9.1) instructs to create an individual listening socket
for each worker process
(using the
SO_REUSEPORT socket option on Linux 3.9+ and DragonFly BSD,
or SO_REUSEPORT_LB on FreeBSD 12+), allowing a kernel
to distribute incoming connections between worker processes.
This currently works only on Linux 3.9+, DragonFly BSD,
and FreeBSD 12+ (1.15.1).

> Inappropriate use of this option may have its security [implications](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/socket.7.html) .



`so_keepalive`=`on`|`off`|[`keepidle`]:[`keepintvl`]:[`keepcnt`]



this parameter (1.1.11) configures the “TCP keepalive” behavior
for the listening socket.
If this parameter is omitted then the operating system’s settings will be
in effect for the socket.
If it is set to the value “`on`”, the
SO_KEEPALIVE option is turned on for the socket.
If it is set to the value “`off`”, the
SO_KEEPALIVE option is turned off for the socket.
Some operating systems support setting of TCP keepalive parameters on
a per-socket basis using the TCP_KEEPIDLE,
TCP_KEEPINTVL, and TCP_KEEPCNT socket options.
On such systems
(currently, Linux, NetBSD, Dragonfly, FreeBSD, and macOS),
they can be configured
using the `keepidle`, `keepintvl`, and
`keepcnt` parameters.
One or two parameters may be omitted, in which case the system default setting
for the corresponding socket option will be in effect.
For example,

```nginx 
so_keepalive=30m::10 ```


will set the idle timeout (TCP_KEEPIDLE) to 30 minutes,
leave the probe interval (TCP_KEEPINTVL) at its system default,
and set the probes count (TCP_KEEPCNT) to 10 probes.




Example:

```nginx 
listen 127.0.0.1 default_server accept_filter=dataready backlog=1024;
 ```

### location

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>location</strong> <i>[</i> <i>=</i> <i>|</i> <i>~</i> <i>|</i> <i>~*</i> <i>|</i> <i>^~</i> <i>]</i> <i>uri</i> { ... }</code><br/><code><strong>location</strong> <i>@</i> <i>name</i> { ... }</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets configuration depending on a request URI.

The matching is performed against a normalized URI,
after decoding the text encoded in the “`%XX`” form,
resolving references to relative path components “`.`”
and “`..`”, and possible
[merge_slashes](#merge_slashes) of two or more
adjacent slashes into a single slash.

A location can either be defined by a prefix string, or by a regular expression.
Regular expressions are specified with the preceding
“`~*`” modifier (for case-insensitive matching), or the
“`~`” modifier (for case-sensitive matching).
To find location matching a given request, nginx first checks
locations defined using the prefix strings (prefix locations).
Among them, the location with the longest matching
prefix is selected and remembered.
Then regular expressions are checked, in the order of their appearance
in the configuration file.
The search of regular expressions terminates on the first match,
and the corresponding configuration is used.
If no match with a regular expression is found then the
configuration of the prefix location remembered earlier is used.
`location` blocks can be nested, with some exceptions
mentioned below.

For case-insensitive operating systems such as macOS and Cygwin,
matching with prefix strings ignores a case (0.7.7).
However, comparison is limited to one-byte locales.

Regular expressions can contain captures (0.7.40) that can later
be used in other directives.

If the longest matching prefix location has the “`^~`” modifier
then regular expressions are not checked.

Also, using the “`=`” modifier it is possible to define
an exact match of URI and location.
If an exact match is found, the search terminates.
For example, if a “`/`” request happens frequently,
defining “`location = /`” will speed up the processing
of these requests, as search terminates right after the first
comparison.
Such a location cannot obviously contain nested locations.

> In versions from 0.7.1 to 0.8.41, if a request matched the prefix location without the “ `=` ” and “ `^~` ” modifiers, the search also terminated and regular expressions were not checked.


Let’s illustrate the above by an example:

```nginx 
location = / {
    [ configuration A ]
}

location / {
    [ configuration B ]
}

location /documents/ {
    [ configuration C ]
}

location ^~ /images/ {
    [ configuration D ]
}

location ~* \.(gif|jpg|jpeg)$ {
    [ configuration E ]
}
 ```


The “`/`” request will match configuration A,
the “`/index.html`” request will match configuration B,
the “`/documents/document.html`” request will match
configuration C,
the “`/images/1.gif`” request will match configuration D, and
the “`/documents/1.jpg`” request will match configuration E.

The “`@`” prefix defines a named location.
Such a location is not used for a regular request processing, but instead
used for request redirection.
They cannot be nested, and cannot contain nested locations.

If a location is defined by a prefix string that ends with the slash character,
and requests are processed by one of
[proxy_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_proxy_module#proxy_pass" >}}),
[fastcgi_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_fastcgi_module#fastcgi_pass" >}}),
[uwsgi_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_uwsgi_module#uwsgi_pass" >}}),
[scgi_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_scgi_module#scgi_pass" >}}),
[memcached_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_memcached_module#memcached_pass" >}}), or
[grpc_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_grpc_module#grpc_pass" >}}),
then the special processing is performed.
In response to a request with URI equal to this string,
but without the trailing slash,
a permanent redirect with the code 301 will be returned to the requested URI
with the slash appended.
If this is not desired, an exact match of the URI and location could be
defined like this:

```nginx 
location /user/ {
    proxy_pass http://user.example.com;
}

location = /user {
    proxy_pass http://login.example.com;
}
 ```

### log_not_found

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>log_not_found</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>log_not_found on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables logging of errors about not found files into
[error_log]({{< relref "../ngx_core_module#error_log" >}}).
### log_subrequest

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>log_subrequest</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>log_subrequest off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables logging of subrequests into
[access_log]({{< relref "ngx_http_log_module#access_log" >}}).
### max_ranges

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>max_ranges</strong> <i>number</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.1.2._


Limits the maximum allowed number of ranges in byte-range requests.
Requests that exceed the limit are processed as if there were no
byte ranges specified.
By default, the number of ranges is not limited.
The zero value disables the byte-range support completely.
### merge_slashes

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>merge_slashes</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>merge_slashes on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables compression of two or more adjacent slashes
in a URI into a single slash.

Note that compression is essential for the correct matching of prefix string
and regular expression locations.
Without it, the “`//scripts/one.php`” request would not match

```nginx 
location /scripts/ {
    ...
}
 ```


and might be processed as a static file.
So it gets converted to “`/scripts/one.php`”.

Turning the compression `off` can become necessary if a URI
contains base64-encoded names, since base64 uses the “`/`”
character internally.
However, for security considerations, it is better to avoid turning
the compression off.

If the directive is specified on the [server](#server) level,
the value from the default server can be used.
Details are provided in the
“[Virtual
server selection]({{< relref "server_names#virtual_server_selection" >}})” section.
### msie_padding

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>msie_padding</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>msie_padding on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables adding comments to responses for MSIE clients with status
greater than 400 to increase the response size to 512 bytes.
### msie_refresh

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>msie_refresh</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>msie_refresh off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables issuing refreshes instead of redirects for MSIE clients.
### open_file_cache

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>open_file_cache</strong> <i>off</i>;</code><br/><code><strong>open_file_cache</strong> <i>max</i> <i>=</i> <i>N</i> <i>[</i> <i>inactive</i> <i>=</i> <i>time</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>open_file_cache off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Configures a cache that can store:

- open file descriptors, their sizes and modification times;
- information on existence of directories;
- file lookup errors, such as “file not found”, “no read permission”, and so on. 
> Caching of errors should be enabled separately by the [open_file_cache_errors](#open_file_cache_errors) directive.




The directive has the following parameters:

`max`


sets the maximum number of elements in the cache;
on cache overflow the least recently used (LRU) elements are removed;


`inactive`


defines a time after which an element is removed from the cache
if it has not been accessed during this time;
by default, it is 60 seconds;


`off`


disables the cache.




Example:

```nginx 
open_file_cache          max=1000 inactive=20s;
open_file_cache_valid    30s;
open_file_cache_min_uses 2;
open_file_cache_errors   on; ```

### open_file_cache_errors

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>open_file_cache_errors</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>open_file_cache_errors off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables caching of file lookup errors by
[open_file_cache](#open_file_cache).
### open_file_cache_min_uses

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>open_file_cache_min_uses</strong> <i>number</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>open_file_cache_min_uses 1;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the minimum `number` of file accesses during
the period configured by the `inactive` parameter
of the [open_file_cache](#open_file_cache) directive, required for a file
descriptor to remain open in the cache.
### open_file_cache_valid

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>open_file_cache_valid</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>open_file_cache_valid 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets a time after which
[open_file_cache](#open_file_cache)
elements should be validated.
### output_buffers

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>output_buffers</strong> <i>number</i> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>output_buffers 2 32k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the `number` and `size` of the
buffers used for reading a response from a disk.

> Prior to version 1.9.5, the default value was 1 32k.

### port_in_redirect

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>port_in_redirect</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>port_in_redirect on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables specifying the port in
[absolute_redirect](#absolute_redirect) redirects issued by nginx.

The use of the primary server name in redirects is controlled by
the [server_name_in_redirect](#server_name_in_redirect) directive.
### postpone_output

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>postpone_output</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>postpone_output 1460;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


If possible, the transmission of client data will be postponed until
nginx has at least `size` bytes of data to send.
The zero value disables postponing data transmission.
### read_ahead

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>read_ahead</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>read_ahead 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the amount of pre-reading for the kernel when working with file.

On Linux, the
`posix_fadvise(0, 0, 0, POSIX_FADV_SEQUENTIAL)`
system call is used, and so the `size` parameter is ignored.

On FreeBSD, the
`fcntl(O_READAHEAD,``size``)`
system call, supported since FreeBSD 9.0-CURRENT, is used.
FreeBSD 7 has to be
[patched](http://sysoev.ru/freebsd/patch.readahead.txt).
### recursive_error_pages

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>recursive_error_pages</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>recursive_error_pages off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables doing several redirects using the
[error_page](#error_page)
directive.
The number of such redirects is [internal](#internal).
### request_pool_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>request_pool_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>request_pool_size 4k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Allows accurate tuning of per-request memory allocations.
This directive has minimal impact on performance
and should not generally be used.
### reset_timedout_connection

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>reset_timedout_connection</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>reset_timedout_connection off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables resetting timed out connections
and connections
[closed]({{< relref "ngx_http_rewrite_module#return" >}})
with the non-standard code 444 (1.15.2).
The reset is performed as follows.
Before closing a socket, the
SO_LINGER
option is set on it with a timeout value of 0.
When the socket is closed, TCP RST is sent to the client, and all memory
occupied by this socket is released.
This helps avoid keeping an already closed socket with filled buffers
in a FIN_WAIT1 state for a long time.

It should be noted that timed out keep-alive connections are
closed normally.
### resolver

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>resolver</strong> <i>address</i> <i>... [</i> <i>valid</i> <i>=</i> <i>time</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ipv4</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>] [</i> <i>ipv6</i> <i>=</i> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>] [</i> <i>status_zone</i> <i>=</i> <i>zone</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Configures name servers used to resolve names of upstream servers
into addresses, for example:

```nginx 
resolver 127.0.0.1 [::1]:5353;
 ```


The address can be specified as a domain name or IP address,
with an optional port (1.3.1, 1.2.2).
If port is not specified, the port 53 is used.
Name servers are queried in a round-robin fashion.

> Before version 1.1.7, only a single name server could be configured. Specifying name servers using IPv6 addresses is supported starting from versions 1.3.1 and 1.2.2.


By default, nginx will look up both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses while resolving.
If looking up of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses is not desired,
the `ipv4=off` (1.23.1) or
the `ipv6=off` parameter can be specified.

> Resolving of names into IPv6 addresses is supported starting from version 1.5.8.


By default, nginx caches answers using the TTL value of a response.
An optional `valid` parameter allows overriding it:

```nginx 
resolver 127.0.0.1 [::1]:5353 valid=30s;
 ```


> Before version 1.1.9, tuning of caching time was not possible, and nginx always cached answers for the duration of 5 minutes.


> To prevent DNS spoofing, it is recommended configuring DNS servers in a properly secured trusted local network.


The optional `status_zone` parameter (1.17.1)
enables
[collection]({{< relref "ngx_http_api_module#resolvers_" >}})
of DNS server statistics of requests and responses
in the specified `zone`.
The parameter is available as part of our
commercial subscription.
### resolver_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>resolver_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>resolver_timeout 30s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets a timeout for name resolution, for example:

```nginx 
resolver_timeout 5s;
 ```

### root

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>root</strong> <i>path</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>root html;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code>, <code>if in location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the root directory for requests.
For example, with the following configuration

```nginx 
location /i/ {
    root /data/w3;
}
 ```


The /data/w3/i/top.gif file will be sent in response to
the “`/i/top.gif`” request.

The `path` value can contain variables,
except `$document_root` and `$realpath_root`.

A path to the file is constructed by merely adding a URI to the value
of the `root` directive.
If a URI has to be modified, the
[alias](#alias) directive should be used.
### satisfy

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>satisfy</strong> <i>all</i> <i>|</i> <i>any</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>satisfy all;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Allows access if all (`all`) or at least one
(`any`) of the
[ngx_http_access_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_access_module" >}}),
[ngx_http_auth_basic_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_basic_module" >}}),
[ngx_http_auth_request_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_request_module" >}}),
[ngx_http_auth_jwt_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_jwt_module" >}})
(1.13.10),
or
[ngx_http_auth_oidc_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_auth_jwt_module" >}})
(1.27.4)
modules allow access.

Example:

```nginx 
location / {
    satisfy any;

    allow 192.168.1.0/32;
    deny  all;

    auth_basic           "closed site";
    auth_basic_user_file conf/htpasswd;
}
 ```

### send_lowat

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>send_lowat</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>send_lowat 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


If the directive is set to a non-zero value, nginx will try to minimize
the number of send operations on client sockets by using either
NOTE_LOWAT flag of the
[kqueue]({{< relref "../events#kqueue" >}}) method
or the SO_SNDLOWAT socket option.
In both cases the specified `size` is used.

This directive is ignored on Linux, Solaris, and Windows.
### send_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>send_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>send_timeout 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets a timeout for transmitting a response to the client.
The timeout is set only between two successive write operations,
not for the transmission of the whole response.
If the client does not receive anything within this time,
the connection is closed.
### sendfile

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>sendfile</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>sendfile off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code>, <code>if in location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables the use of
`sendfile()`.

Starting from nginx 0.8.12 and FreeBSD 5.2.1,
[aio](#aio) can be used to pre-load data
for `sendfile()`:

```nginx 
location /video/ {
    sendfile       on;
    tcp_nopush     on;
    aio            on;
}
 ```


In this configuration, `sendfile()` is called with
the SF_NODISKIO flag which causes it not to block on disk I/O,
but, instead, report back that the data are not in memory.
nginx then initiates an asynchronous data load by reading one byte.
On the first read, the FreeBSD kernel loads the first 128K bytes
of a file into memory, although next reads will only load data in 16K chunks.
This can be changed using the
[read_ahead](#read_ahead) directive.

> Before version 1.7.11, pre-loading could be enabled with `aio sendfile;` .

### sendfile_max_chunk

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>sendfile_max_chunk</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>sendfile_max_chunk 2m;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Limits the amount of data that can be
transferred in a single `sendfile()` call.
Without the limit, one fast connection may seize the worker process entirely.

> Prior to version 1.21.4, by default there was no limit.

### server

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>server</strong> { ... }</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets configuration for a virtual server.
There is no clear separation between IP-based (based on the IP address)
and name-based (based on the `Host` request header field)
virtual servers.
Instead, the [listen](#listen) directives describe all
addresses and ports that should accept connections for the server, and the
[server_name](#server_name) directive lists all server names.
Example configurations are provided in the
“[request_processing]({{< relref "request_processing" >}})” document.
### server_name

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>server_name</strong> <i>name</i> <i>...</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>server_name "";</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets names of a virtual server, for example:

```nginx 
server {
    server_name example.com www.example.com;
}
 ```


The first name becomes the primary server name.

Server names can include an asterisk (“`*`”)
replacing the first or last part of a name:

```nginx 
server {
    server_name example.com *.example.com www.example.*;
}
 ```


Such names are called wildcard names.

The first two of the names mentioned above can be combined in one:

```nginx 
server {
    server_name .example.com;
}
 ```


It is also possible to use regular expressions in server names,
preceding the name with a tilde (“`~`”):

```nginx 
server {
    server_name www.example.com ~^www\d+\.example\.com$;
}
 ```


Regular expressions can contain captures (0.7.40) that can later
be used in other directives:

```nginx 
server {
    server_name ~^(www\.)?(.+)$;

    location / {
        root /sites/$2;
    }
}

server {
    server_name _;

    location / {
        root /sites/default;
    }
}
 ```


Named captures in regular expressions create variables (0.8.25)
that can later be used in other directives:

```nginx 
server {
    server_name ~^(www\.)?(?<domain>.+)$;

    location / {
        root /sites/$domain;
    }
}

server {
    server_name _;

    location / {
        root /sites/default;
    }
}
 ```


If the directive’s parameter is set to “`$hostname`” (0.9.4), the
machine’s hostname is inserted.

It is also possible to specify an empty server name (0.7.11):

```nginx 
server {
    server_name www.example.com "";
}
 ```


It allows this server to process requests without the `Host`
header field — instead of the default server — for the given address:port pair.
This is the default setting.

> Before 0.8.48, the machine’s hostname was used by default.


During searching for a virtual server by name,
if the name matches more than one of the specified variants,
(e.g. both a wildcard name and regular expression match), the first matching
variant will be chosen, in the following order of priority:
- the exact name
- the longest wildcard name starting with an asterisk, e.g. “ `*.example.com` ”
- the longest wildcard name ending with an asterisk, e.g. “ `mail.*` ”
- the first matching regular expression (in order of appearance in the configuration file)

Detailed description of server names is provided in a separate
[server_names]({{< relref "server_names" >}}) document.
### server_name_in_redirect

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>server_name_in_redirect</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>server_name_in_redirect off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables the use of the primary server name, specified by the
[server_name](#server_name) directive,
in [absolute_redirect](#absolute_redirect) redirects issued by nginx.
When the use of the primary server name is disabled, the name from the
`Host` request header field is used.
If this field is not present, the IP address of the server is used.

The use of a port in redirects is controlled by
the [port_in_redirect](#port_in_redirect) directive.
### server_names_hash_bucket_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>server_names_hash_bucket_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>server_names_hash_bucket_size 32|64|128;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the bucket size for the server names hash tables.
The default value depends on the size of the processor’s cache line.
The details of setting up hash tables are provided in a separate
[document]({{< relref "../hash" >}}).
### server_names_hash_max_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>server_names_hash_max_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>server_names_hash_max_size 512;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the maximum `size` of the server names hash tables.
The details of setting up hash tables are provided in a separate
[document]({{< relref "../hash" >}}).
### server_tokens

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>server_tokens</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>|</i> <i>build</i> <i>|</i> <i>string</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>server_tokens on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables emitting nginx version on error pages and in the
`Server` response header field.

The `build` parameter (1.11.10) enables emitting
a [build name]({{< relref "../configure#build" >}})
along with nginx version.

Additionally, as part of our
commercial subscription,
starting from version 1.9.13
the signature on error pages and
the `Server` response header field value
can be set explicitly using the `string` with variables.
An empty string disables the emission of the `Server` field.
### subrequest_output_buffer_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>subrequest_output_buffer_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>subrequest_output_buffer_size 4k|8k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.13.10._


Sets the `size` of the buffer used for
storing the response body of a subrequest.
By default, the buffer size is equal to one memory page.
This is either 4K or 8K, depending on a platform.
It can be made smaller, however.

The directive is applicable only for subrequests
with response bodies saved into memory.
For example, such subrequests are created by
[SSI]({{< relref "ngx_http_ssi_module#ssi_include_set" >}}).
### tcp_nodelay

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>tcp_nodelay</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>tcp_nodelay on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables the use of the TCP_NODELAY option.
The option is enabled when a connection is transitioned into the
keep-alive state.
Additionally, it is enabled on SSL connections,
for unbuffered proxying,
and for [WebSocket]({{< relref "websocket" >}}) proxying.
### tcp_nopush

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>tcp_nopush</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>tcp_nopush off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables the use of
the TCP_NOPUSH socket option on FreeBSD
or the TCP_CORK socket option on Linux.
The options are enabled only when [sendfile](#sendfile) is used.
Enabling the option allows

- sending the response header and the beginning of a file in one packet, on Linux and FreeBSD 4.*;
- sending a file in full packets.

### try_files

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>try_files</strong> <i>file</i> <i>...</i> <i>uri</i>;</code><br/><code><strong>try_files</strong> <i>file</i> <i>... =</i> <i>code</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Checks the existence of files in the specified order and uses
the first found file for request processing; the processing
is performed in the current context.
The path to a file is constructed from the
`file` parameter
according to the
[root](#root) and [alias](#alias) directives.
It is possible to check directory’s existence by specifying
a slash at the end of a name, e.g. “`$uri/`”.
If none of the files were found, an internal redirect to the
`uri` specified in the last parameter is made.
For example:

```nginx 
location /images/ {
    try_files $uri /images/default.gif;
}

location = /images/default.gif {
    expires 30s;
}
 ```


The last parameter can also point to a named location,
as shown in examples below.
Starting from version 0.7.51, the last parameter can also be a
`code`:

```nginx 
location / {
    try_files $uri $uri/index.html $uri.html =404;
}
 ```


Example in proxying Mongrel:

```nginx 
location / {
    try_files /system/maintenance.html
              $uri $uri/index.html $uri.html
              @mongrel;
}

location @mongrel {
    proxy_pass http://mongrel;
}
 ```


Example for Drupal/FastCGI:

```nginx 
location / {
    try_files $uri $uri/ @drupal;
}

location ~ \.php$ {
    try_files $uri @drupal;

    fastcgi_pass ...;

    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME /path/to$fastcgi_script_name;
    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_NAME     $fastcgi_script_name;
    fastcgi_param QUERY_STRING    $args;

    ... other fastcgi_param's
}

location @drupal {
    fastcgi_pass ...;

    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME /path/to/index.php;
    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_NAME     /index.php;
    fastcgi_param QUERY_STRING    q=$uri&$args;

    ... other fastcgi_param's
}
 ```


In the following example,

```nginx 
location / {
    try_files $uri $uri/ @drupal;
}
 ```


the `try_files` directive is equivalent to

```nginx 
location / {
    error_page 404 = @drupal;
    log_not_found off;
}
 ```


And here,

```nginx 
location ~ \.php$ {
    try_files $uri @drupal;

    fastcgi_pass ...;

    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME /path/to$fastcgi_script_name;

    ...
}
 ```

`try_files` checks the existence of the PHP file
before passing the request to the FastCGI server.

Example for Wordpress and Joomla:

```nginx 
location / {
    try_files $uri $uri/ @wordpress;
}

location ~ \.php$ {
    try_files $uri @wordpress;

    fastcgi_pass ...;

    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME /path/to$fastcgi_script_name;
    ... other fastcgi_param's
}

location @wordpress {
    fastcgi_pass ...;

    fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME /path/to/index.php;
    ... other fastcgi_param's
}
 ```

### types

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>types</strong> { ... }</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>types {
    text/html  html;
    image/gif  gif;
    image/jpeg jpg;
}</td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Maps file name extensions to MIME types of responses.
Extensions are case-insensitive.
Several extensions can be mapped to one type, for example:

```nginx 
types {
    application/octet-stream bin exe dll;
    application/octet-stream deb;
    application/octet-stream dmg;
}
 ```


A sufficiently full mapping table is distributed with nginx in the
conf/mime.types file.

To make a particular location emit the
“`application/octet-stream`”
MIME type for all requests, the following configuration can be used:

```nginx 
location /download/ {
    types        { }
    default_type application/octet-stream;
}
 ```

### types_hash_bucket_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>types_hash_bucket_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>types_hash_bucket_size 64;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the bucket size for the types hash tables.
The details of setting up hash tables are provided in a separate
[document]({{< relref "../hash" >}}).

> Prior to version 1.5.13, the default value depended on the size of the processor’s cache line.

### types_hash_max_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>types_hash_max_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>types_hash_max_size 1024;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the maximum `size` of the types hash tables.
The details of setting up hash tables are provided in a separate
[document]({{< relref "../hash" >}}).
### underscores_in_headers

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>underscores_in_headers</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>underscores_in_headers off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables the use of underscores in client request header fields.
When the use of underscores is disabled, request header fields whose names
contain underscores are
marked as invalid and become subject to the
[ignore_invalid_headers](#ignore_invalid_headers) directive.

If the directive is specified on the [server](#server) level,
the value from the default server can be used.
Details are provided in the
“[Virtual
server selection]({{< relref "server_names#virtual_server_selection" >}})” section.
### variables_hash_bucket_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>variables_hash_bucket_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>variables_hash_bucket_size 64;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the bucket size for the variables hash table.
The details of setting up hash tables are provided in a separate
[document]({{< relref "../hash" >}}).
### variables_hash_max_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>variables_hash_max_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>variables_hash_max_size 1024;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the maximum `size` of the variables hash table.
The details of setting up hash tables are provided in a separate
[document]({{< relref "../hash" >}}).

> Prior to version 1.5.13, the default value was 512.

## Embedded Variables


The `ngx_http_core_module` module supports embedded variables
with names matching the Apache Server variables.
First of all, these are variables representing client request header
fields, such as `$http_user_agent`, `$http_cookie`,
and so on.
Also there are other variables:


### `$arg_<name>`


argument `name` in the request line



### `$args`


arguments in the request line



### `$binary_remote_addr`


client address in a binary form, value’s length is always 4 bytes
for IPv4 addresses or 16 bytes for IPv6 addresses



### `$body_bytes_sent`


number of bytes sent to a client, not counting the response header;
this variable is compatible with the “`%B`” parameter of the
`mod_log_config`
Apache module



### `$bytes_sent`


number of bytes sent to a client (1.3.8, 1.2.5)



### `$connection`


connection serial number (1.3.8, 1.2.5)



### `$connection_requests`


current number of requests made through a connection (1.3.8, 1.2.5)



### `$connection_time`


connection time in seconds with a milliseconds resolution (1.19.10)



### `$content_length`

`Content-Length` request header field



### `$content_type`

`Content-Type` request header field



### `$cookie_<name>`


the `name` cookie



### `$document_root`

[root](#root) or [alias](#alias) directive’s value
for the current request



### `$document_uri`


same as `$uri`


### `$host`


in this order of precedence:
host name from the request line, or
host name from the `Host` request header field, or
the server name matching a request



### `$hostname`


host name



### `$http_<name>`


arbitrary request header field;
the last part of a variable name is the field name converted
to lower case with dashes replaced by underscores



### `$https`


“`on`”
if connection operates in SSL mode,
or an empty string otherwise



### `$is_args`


“`?`” if a request line has arguments,
or an empty string otherwise



### `$limit_rate`


setting this variable enables response rate limiting;
see [limit_rate](#limit_rate)


### `$msec`


current time in seconds with the milliseconds resolution (1.3.9, 1.2.6)



### `$nginx_version`


nginx version



### `$pid`


PID of the worker process



### `$pipe`


“`p`” if request was pipelined, “`.`”
otherwise (1.3.12, 1.2.7)



### `$proxy_protocol_addr`


client address from the PROXY protocol header (1.5.12)

The PROXY protocol must be previously enabled by setting the
`proxy_protocol` parameter
in the [listen](#listen) directive.



### `$proxy_protocol_port`


client port from the PROXY protocol header (1.11.0)

The PROXY protocol must be previously enabled by setting the
`proxy_protocol` parameter
in the [listen](#listen) directive.



### `$proxy_protocol_server_addr`


server address from the PROXY protocol header (1.17.6)

The PROXY protocol must be previously enabled by setting the
`proxy_protocol` parameter
in the [listen](#listen) directive.



### `$proxy_protocol_server_port`


server port from the PROXY protocol header (1.17.6)

The PROXY protocol must be previously enabled by setting the
`proxy_protocol` parameter
in the [listen](#listen) directive.



### `$proxy_protocol_tlv_<name>`


TLV from the PROXY Protocol header (1.23.2).
The `name` can be a TLV type name or its numeric value.
In the latter case, the value is hexadecimal
and should be prefixed with `0x`:


```nginx 
$proxy_protocol_tlv_alpn
$proxy_protocol_tlv_0x01
 ```


SSL TLVs can also be accessed by TLV type name
or its numeric value,
both prefixed by `ssl_`:

```nginx 
$proxy_protocol_tlv_ssl_version
$proxy_protocol_tlv_ssl_0x21
 ```


The following TLV type names are supported:

- `alpn` ( `0x01` ) - upper layer protocol used over the connection
- `authority` ( `0x02` ) - host name value passed by the client
- `unique_id` ( `0x05` ) - unique connection id
- `netns` ( `0x30` ) - name of the namespace
- `ssl` ( `0x20` ) - binary SSL TLV structure


The following SSL TLV type names are supported:

- `ssl_version` ( `0x21` ) - SSL version used in client connection
- `ssl_cn` ( `0x22` ) - SSL certificate Common Name
- `ssl_cipher` ( `0x23` ) - name of the used cipher
- `ssl_sig_alg` ( `0x24` ) - algorithm used to sign the certificate
- `ssl_key_alg` ( `0x25` ) - public-key algorithm


Also, the following special SSL TLV type name is supported:

- `ssl_verify`  - client SSL certificate verification result, `0` if the client presented a certificate and it was successfully verified, non-zero otherwise.


The PROXY protocol must be previously enabled by setting the
`proxy_protocol` parameter
in the [listen](#listen) directive.



### `$query_string`


same as `$args`


### `$realpath_root`


an absolute pathname corresponding to the
[root](#root) or [alias](#alias) directive’s value
for the current request,
with all symbolic links resolved to real paths



### `$remote_addr`


client address



### `$remote_port`


client port



### `$remote_user`


user name supplied with the Basic authentication



### `$request`


full original request line



### `$request_body`


request body

The variable’s value is made available in locations
processed by the
[proxy_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_proxy_module#proxy_pass" >}}),
[fastcgi_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_fastcgi_module#fastcgi_pass" >}}),
[uwsgi_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_uwsgi_module#uwsgi_pass" >}}),
and
[scgi_pass]({{< relref "ngx_http_scgi_module#scgi_pass" >}})
directives when the request body was read to
a [client_body_buffer_size](#client_body_buffer_size).



### `$request_body_file`


name of a temporary file with the request body

At the end of processing, the file needs to be removed.
To always write the request body to a file,
[client_body_in_file_only](#client_body_in_file_only) needs to be enabled.
When the name of a temporary file is passed in a proxied request
or in a request to a FastCGI/uwsgi/SCGI server,
passing the request body should be disabled by the
[
proxy_pass_request_body off]({{< relref "ngx_http_proxy_module#proxy_pass_request_body" >}}),
[
fastcgi_pass_request_body off]({{< relref "ngx_http_fastcgi_module#fastcgi_pass_request_body" >}}),
[
uwsgi_pass_request_body off]({{< relref "ngx_http_uwsgi_module#uwsgi_pass_request_body" >}}), or
[
scgi_pass_request_body off]({{< relref "ngx_http_scgi_module#scgi_pass_request_body" >}})
directives, respectively.



### `$request_completion`


“`OK`” if a request has completed,
or an empty string otherwise



### `$request_filename`


file path for the current request, based on the
[root](#root) or [alias](#alias)
directives, and the request URI



### `$request_id`


unique request identifier
generated from 16 random bytes, in hexadecimal (1.11.0)



### `$request_length`


request length (including request line, header, and request body)
(1.3.12, 1.2.7)



### `$request_method`


request method, usually
“`GET`” or “`POST`”



### `$request_time`


request processing time in seconds with a milliseconds resolution
(1.3.9, 1.2.6);
time elapsed since the first bytes were read from the client



### `$request_uri`


full original request URI (with arguments)



### `$scheme`


request scheme, “`http`” or “`https`”



### `$sent_http_<name>`


arbitrary response header field;
the last part of a variable name is the field name converted
to lower case with dashes replaced by underscores



### `$sent_trailer_<name>`


arbitrary field sent at the end of the response (1.13.2);
the last part of a variable name is the field name converted
to lower case with dashes replaced by underscores



### `$server_addr`


an address of the server which accepted a request

Computing a value of this variable usually requires one system call.
To avoid a system call, the [listen](#listen) directives
must specify addresses and use the `bind` parameter.



### `$server_name`


name of the server which accepted a request



### `$server_port`


port of the server which accepted a request



### `$server_protocol`


request protocol, usually
“`HTTP/1.0`”,
“`HTTP/1.1`”,
“[HTTP/2.0]({{< relref "ngx_http_v2_module" >}})”,
or
“[HTTP/3.0]({{< relref "ngx_http_v3_module" >}})”



### `$status`


response status (1.3.2, 1.2.2)



### `$tcpinfo_rtt`,
`$tcpinfo_rttvar`,
`$tcpinfo_snd_cwnd`,
`$tcpinfo_rcv_space`


information about the client TCP connection; available on systems
that support the TCP_INFO socket option



### `$time_iso8601`


local time in the ISO 8601 standard format (1.3.12, 1.2.7)



### `$time_local`


local time in the Common Log Format (1.3.12, 1.2.7)



### `$uri`


current URI in request, [location](#location)
The value of `$uri` may change during request processing,
e.g. when doing internal redirects, or when using index files.



