---
title: ngx_http_grpc_module
description: ngx_http_grpc_module
toc: true
nd-org-source: http/ngx_http_grpc_module.xml
nd-commercial: false
nd-commercial-partial: true
---


<!--
      ********************************************************************************
      🛑 WARNING: AUTOGENERATED FILE - DO NOT EDIT 🛑 This Markdown file was
      automatically generated from the source XML documentation. Any manual
      changes made directly to this file will be overwritten. To request or
      suggest changes, please edit the source XML files instead.
      https://github.com/nginx/nginx.org/tree/main/xml/en
      ********************************************************************************
      -->


The `ngx_http_grpc_module` module allows passing requests
to a gRPC server (1.13.10).
The module requires the
[ngx_http_v2_module]({{< relref "ngx_http_v2_module" >}}) module.
## Example Configuration


```nginx 
server {
    listen 9000;

    http2 on;

    location / {
        grpc_pass 127.0.0.1:9000;
    }
}
 ```

## Directives

### grpc_bind

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_bind</strong> <i>address</i> <i>[</i> <i>transparent</i> <i>] |</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Makes outgoing connections to a gRPC server originate
from the specified local IP address with an optional port.
Parameter value can contain variables.
The special value `off` cancels the effect
of the `grpc_bind` directive
inherited from the previous configuration level, which allows the
system to auto-assign the local IP address and port.

The `transparent` parameter allows
outgoing connections to a gRPC server originate
from a non-local IP address,
for example, from a real IP address of a client:

```nginx 
grpc_bind $remote_addr transparent;
 ```


In order for this parameter to work,
it is usually necessary to run nginx worker processes with the
[superuser]({{< relref "../ngx_core_module#user" >}}) privileges.
On Linux it is not required as if
the `transparent` parameter is specified, worker processes
inherit the `CAP_NET_RAW` capability from the master process.
It is also necessary to configure kernel routing table
to intercept network traffic from the gRPC server.
### grpc_buffer_size

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_buffer_size</strong> <i>size</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_buffer_size 4k|8k;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the `size` of the buffer used for reading the response
received from the gRPC server.
The response is passed to the client synchronously, as soon as it is received.
### grpc_connect_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_connect_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_connect_timeout 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines a timeout for establishing a connection with a gRPC server.
It should be noted that this timeout cannot usually exceed 75 seconds.
### grpc_hide_header

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_hide_header</strong> <i>field</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


By default,
nginx does not pass the header fields `Date`,
`Server`, and
`X-Accel-...` from the response of a gRPC
server to a client.
The `grpc_hide_header` directive sets additional fields
that will not be passed.
If, on the contrary, the passing of fields needs to be permitted,
the [grpc_pass_header](#grpc_pass_header) directive can be used.
### grpc_ignore_headers

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ignore_headers</strong> <i>field</i> <i>...</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Disables processing of certain response header fields from the gRPC server.
The following fields can be ignored: `X-Accel-Redirect`
and `X-Accel-Charset`.

If not disabled, processing of these header fields has the following
effect:

- `X-Accel-Redirect` performs an [internal
redirect]({{< relref "ngx_http_core_module#internal" >}}) to the specified URI;
- `X-Accel-Charset` sets the desired [charset]({{< relref "ngx_http_charset_module#charset" >}}) of a response.

### grpc_intercept_errors

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_intercept_errors</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_intercept_errors off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Determines whether gRPC server responses with codes greater than or equal
to 300 should be passed to a client
or be intercepted and redirected to nginx for processing
with the [error_page]({{< relref "ngx_http_core_module#error_page" >}}) directive.
### grpc_next_upstream

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_next_upstream</strong> <i>error</i> <i>|</i> <i>timeout</i> <i>|</i> <i>invalid_header</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_500</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_502</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_503</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_504</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_403</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_404</i> <i>|</i> <i>http_429</i> <i>|</i> <i>non_idempotent</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i> <i>...</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_next_upstream error timeout;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies in which cases a request should be passed to the next server:

`error`

an error occurred while establishing a connection with the
server, passing a request to it, or reading the response header;

`timeout`

a timeout has occurred while establishing a connection with the
server, passing a request to it, or reading the response header;

`invalid_header`

a server returned an empty or invalid response;

`http_500`

a server returned a response with the code 500;

`http_502`

a server returned a response with the code 502;

`http_503`

a server returned a response with the code 503;

`http_504`

a server returned a response with the code 504;

`http_403`

a server returned a response with the code 403;

`http_404`

a server returned a response with the code 404;

`http_429`

a server returned a response with the code 429;

`non_idempotent`

normally, requests with a
[non-idempotent](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231#section-4.2.2)
method
(`POST`, `LOCK`, `PATCH`)
are not passed to the next server
if a request has been sent to an upstream server;
enabling this option explicitly allows retrying such requests;


`off`

disables passing a request to the next server.



One should bear in mind that passing a request to the next server is
only possible if nothing has been sent to a client yet.
That is, if an error or timeout occurs in the middle of the
transferring of a response, fixing this is impossible.

The directive also defines what is considered an
[unsuccessful
attempt]({{< relref "ngx_http_upstream_module#max_fails" >}}) of communication with a server.
The cases of `error`, `timeout` and
`invalid_header` are always considered unsuccessful attempts,
even if they are not specified in the directive.
The cases of `http_500`, `http_502`,
`http_503`, `http_504`,
and `http_429` are
considered unsuccessful attempts only if they are specified in the directive.
The cases of `http_403` and `http_404`
are never considered unsuccessful attempts.

Passing a request to the next server can be limited by
[grpc_next_upstream_tries](#grpc_next_upstream_tries)
and by [grpc_next_upstream_timeout](#grpc_next_upstream_timeout).
### grpc_next_upstream_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_next_upstream_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_next_upstream_timeout 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Limits the time during which a request can be passed to the
[grpc_next_upstream](#grpc_next_upstream).
The `0` value turns off this limitation.
### grpc_next_upstream_tries

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_next_upstream_tries</strong> <i>number</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_next_upstream_tries 0;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Limits the number of possible tries for passing a request to the
[grpc_next_upstream](#grpc_next_upstream).
The `0` value turns off this limitation.
### grpc_pass

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_pass</strong> <i>address</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>location</code>, <code>if in location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the gRPC server address.
The address can be specified as a domain name or IP address,
and a port:

```nginx 
grpc_pass localhost:9000;
 ```


or as a UNIX-domain socket path:

```nginx 
grpc_pass unix:/tmp/grpc.socket;
 ```


Alternatively, the “`grpc://`” scheme can be used:

```nginx 
grpc_pass grpc://127.0.0.1:9000;
 ```


To use gRPC over SSL, the “`grpcs://`” scheme should be used:

```nginx 
grpc_pass grpcs://127.0.0.1:443;
 ```


If a domain name resolves to several addresses, all of them will be
used in a round-robin fashion.
In addition, an address can be specified as a
[server group]({{< relref "ngx_http_upstream_module" >}}).

Parameter value can contain variables (1.17.8).
In this case, if an address is specified as a domain name,
the name is searched among the described
[server groups]({{< relref "ngx_http_upstream_module" >}}),
and, if not found, is determined using a
[resolver]({{< relref "ngx_http_core_module#resolver" >}}).
### grpc_pass_header

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_pass_header</strong> <i>field</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Permits passing [grpc_hide_header](#grpc_hide_header) header
fields from a gRPC server to a client.
### grpc_read_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_read_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_read_timeout 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Defines a timeout for reading a response from the gRPC server.
The timeout is set only between two successive read operations,
not for the transmission of the whole response.
If the gRPC server does not transmit anything within this time,
the connection is closed.
### grpc_send_timeout

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_send_timeout</strong> <i>time</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_send_timeout 60s;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets a timeout for transmitting a request to the gRPC server.
The timeout is set only between two successive write operations,
not for the transmission of the whole request.
If the gRPC server does not receive anything within this time,
the connection is closed.
### grpc_set_header

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_set_header</strong> <i>field</i> <i>value</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_set_header Content-Length $content_length;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Allows redefining or appending fields to the request header
[grpc_pass_request_headers](#grpc_pass_request_headers) to the gRPC server.
The `value` can contain text, variables, and their combinations.
These directives are inherited from the previous configuration level
if and only if there are no `grpc_set_header` directives
defined on the current level.

If the value of a header field is an empty string then this
field will not be passed to a gRPC server:

```nginx 
grpc_set_header Accept-Encoding "";
 ```

### grpc_socket_keepalive

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_socket_keepalive</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_socket_keepalive off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.15.6._


Configures the “TCP keepalive” behavior
for outgoing connections to a gRPC server.
By default, the operating system’s settings are in effect for the socket.
If the directive is set to the value “`on`”, the
SO_KEEPALIVE socket option is turned on for the socket.
### grpc_ssl_certificate

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_certificate</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a `file` with the certificate in the PEM format
used for authentication to a gRPC SSL server.

Since version 1.21.0, variables can be used in the `file` name.
### grpc_ssl_certificate_cache

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_certificate_cache</strong> <i>off</i>;</code><br/><code><strong>grpc_ssl_certificate_cache</strong> <i>max</i> <i>=</i> <i>N</i> <i>[</i> <i>inactive</i> <i>=</i> <i>time</i> <i>] [</i> <i>valid</i> <i>=</i> <i>time</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_certificate_cache off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.27.4._


Defines a cache that stores
[grpc_ssl_certificate](#grpc_ssl_certificate) and
[grpc_ssl_certificate_key](#grpc_ssl_certificate_key)
specified with [grpc_ssl_certificate_key_variables](#grpc_ssl_certificate_key_variables).

The directive has the following parameters:

`max`


sets the maximum number of elements in the cache;
on cache overflow the least recently used (LRU) elements are removed;


`inactive`


defines a time after which an element is removed from the cache
if it has not been accessed during this time;
by default, it is 10 seconds;


`valid`


defines a time during which
an element in the cache is considered valid
and can be reused;
by default, it is 60 seconds.
Certificates that exceed this time will be reloaded or revalidated;


`off`


disables the cache.




Example:

```nginx 
grpc_ssl_certificate       $grpc_ssl_server_name.crt;
grpc_ssl_certificate_key   $grpc_ssl_server_name.key;
grpc_ssl_certificate_cache max=1000 inactive=20s valid=1m;
 ```

### grpc_ssl_certificate_key

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_certificate_key</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a `file` with the secret key in the PEM format
used for authentication to a gRPC SSL server.

The value
`engine`:`name`:`id`
can be specified instead of the `file`,
which loads a secret key with a specified `id`
from the OpenSSL engine `name`.

The value
`store`:`scheme`:`id`
can be specified instead of the `file` (1.29.0),
which is used to load a secret key with a specified `id`
and OpenSSL provider registered URI `scheme`, such as
[`pkcs11`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7512).

Since version 1.21.0, variables can be used in the `file` name.
### grpc_ssl_ciphers

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_ciphers</strong> <i>ciphers</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_ciphers DEFAULT;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies the enabled ciphers for requests to a gRPC SSL server.
The ciphers are specified in the format understood by the OpenSSL library.

The full list can be viewed using the
“`openssl ciphers`” command.
### grpc_ssl_conf_command

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_conf_command</strong> <i>name</i> <i>value</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.19.4._


Sets arbitrary OpenSSL configuration
[commands](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.1.1/man3/SSL_CONF_cmd.html)
when establishing a connection with the gRPC SSL server.

> The directive is supported when using OpenSSL 1.0.2 or higher.


Several `grpc_ssl_conf_command` directives
can be specified on the same level.
These directives are inherited from the previous configuration level
if and only if there are
no `grpc_ssl_conf_command` directives
defined on the current level.

> Note that configuring OpenSSL directly might result in unexpected behavior.

### grpc_ssl_crl

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_crl</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a `file` with revoked certificates (CRL)
in the PEM format used to [grpc_ssl_verify](#grpc_ssl_verify)
the certificate of the gRPC SSL server.
### grpc_ssl_key_log ✩

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_key_log</strong> <i>path</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.27.2._


Enables logging of gRPC SSL server connection SSL keys
and specifies the path to the key log file.
Keys are logged in the
[SSLKEYLOGFILE](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-tls-keylogfile)
format compatible with Wireshark.

> This directive is available as part of our commercial subscription .

### grpc_ssl_name

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_name</strong> <i>name</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_name host from grpc_pass;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Allows overriding the server name used to
[grpc_ssl_verify](#grpc_ssl_verify)
the certificate of the gRPC SSL server and to be
[grpc_ssl_server_name](#grpc_ssl_server_name)
when establishing a connection with the gRPC SSL server.

By default, the host part from [grpc_pass](#grpc_pass) is used.
### grpc_ssl_password_file

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_password_file</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a `file` with passphrases for
[grpc_ssl_certificate_key](#grpc_ssl_certificate_key)
where each passphrase is specified on a separate line.
Passphrases are tried in turn when loading the key.
### grpc_ssl_protocols

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_protocols</strong> <i>[</i> <i>SSLv2</i> <i>] [</i> <i>SSLv3</i> <i>] [</i> <i>TLSv1</i> <i>] [</i> <i>TLSv1.1</i> <i>] [</i> <i>TLSv1.2</i> <i>] [</i> <i>TLSv1.3</i> <i>]</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_protocols TLSv1.2 TLSv1.3;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables the specified protocols for requests to a gRPC SSL server.

> The `TLSv1.3` parameter is used by default since 1.23.4.

### grpc_ssl_server_name

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_server_name</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_server_name off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables passing of the server name through
[TLS
Server Name Indication extension](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication) (SNI, RFC 6066)
when establishing a connection with the gRPC SSL server.
### grpc_ssl_session_reuse

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_session_reuse</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_session_reuse on;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Determines whether SSL sessions can be reused when working with
the gRPC server.
If the errors
“`digest check failed`”
appear in the logs, try disabling session reuse.
### grpc_ssl_trusted_certificate

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_trusted_certificate</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a `file` with trusted CA certificates in the PEM format
used to [grpc_ssl_verify](#grpc_ssl_verify)
the certificate of the gRPC SSL server.
### grpc_ssl_verify

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_verify</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_verify off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Enables or disables verification of the gRPC SSL server certificate.
### grpc_ssl_verify_depth

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>grpc_ssl_verify_depth</strong> <i>number</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>grpc_ssl_verify_depth 1;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code>, <code>server</code>, <code>location</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Sets the verification depth in the gRPC SSL server certificates chain.
