---
title: ngx_http_geoip_module
description: ngx_http_geoip_module
toc: true
nd-org-source: http/ngx_http_geoip_module.xml
nd-commercial: false
nd-commercial-partial: false
---


<!--
      ********************************************************************************
      🛑 WARNING: AUTOGENERATED FILE - DO NOT EDIT 🛑 This Markdown file was
      automatically generated from the source XML documentation. Any manual
      changes made directly to this file will be overwritten. To request or
      suggest changes, please edit the source XML files instead.
      https://github.com/nginx/nginx.org/tree/main/xml/en
      ********************************************************************************
      -->


The `ngx_http_geoip_module` module (0.8.6+) creates variables
with values depending on the client IP address, using the precompiled
[MaxMind](http://www.maxmind.com) databases.

When using the databases with IPv6 support (1.3.12, 1.2.7),
IPv4 addresses are looked up as IPv4-mapped IPv6 addresses.

This module is not built by default, it should be enabled with the
`--with-http_geoip_module`
configuration parameter.

> This module requires the [MaxMind GeoIP](http://www.maxmind.com/app/c) library.

## Example Configuration


```nginx 
http {
    geoip_country         GeoIP.dat;
    geoip_city            GeoLiteCity.dat;
    geoip_proxy           192.168.100.0/24;
    geoip_proxy           2001:0db8::/32;
    geoip_proxy_recursive on;
    ...
 ```

## Directives

### geoip_country

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>geoip_country</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a database used to determine the country
depending on the client IP address.
The following variables are available when using this database:

`$geoip_country_code`


two-letter country code, for example,
“`RU`”, “`US`”.


`$geoip_country_code3`


three-letter country code, for example,
“`RUS`”, “`USA`”.


`$geoip_country_name`


country name, for example,
“`Russian Federation`”, “`United States`”.



### geoip_city

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>geoip_city</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}


Specifies a database used to determine the country, region, and city
depending on the client IP address.
The following variables are available when using this database:

`$geoip_area_code`

telephone area code (US only).

> This variable may contain outdated information since the corresponding database field is deprecated.



`$geoip_city_continent_code`

two-letter continent code, for example,
“`EU`”, “`NA`”.


`$geoip_city_country_code`


two-letter country code, for example,
“`RU`”, “`US`”.


`$geoip_city_country_code3`


three-letter country code, for example,
“`RUS`”, “`USA`”.


`$geoip_city_country_name`


country name, for example,
“`Russian Federation`”, “`United States`”.


`$geoip_dma_code`


DMA region code in US (also known as “metro code”), according to the
[geotargeting](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/cities-DMAregions)
in Google AdWords API.


`$geoip_latitude`

latitude.

`$geoip_longitude`

longitude.

`$geoip_region`


two-symbol country region code (region, territory, state, province, federal land
and the like), for example,
“`48`”, “`DC`”.


`$geoip_region_name`


country region name (region, territory, state, province, federal land
and the like), for example,
“`Moscow City`”, “`District of Columbia`”.


`$geoip_city`


city name, for example,
“`Moscow`”, “`Washington`”.


`$geoip_postal_code`


postal code.



### geoip_org

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>geoip_org</strong> <i>file</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.0.3._


Specifies a database used to determine the organization
depending on the client IP address.
The following variable is available when using this database:

`$geoip_org`


organization name, for example, “The University of Melbourne”.



### geoip_proxy

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>geoip_proxy</strong> <i>address</i> <i>|</i> <i>CIDR</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td>
      —
    </td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.3.0._


Defines trusted addresses.
When a request comes from a trusted address,
an address from the `X-Forwarded-For` request
header field will be used instead.
### geoip_proxy_recursive

{{< ngx-directive >}}

<tr>
<th>Syntax: </th>
<td><code><strong>geoip_proxy_recursive</strong> <i>on</i> <i>|</i> <i>off</i>;</code><br/></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Default: </th>
<td><pre>geoip_proxy_recursive off;</pre></td>
</tr><tr>
<th>Context: </th>
<td><code>http</code></td>
</tr>

{{< /ngx-directive >}}

_This directive appeared in version 1.3.0._


If recursive search is disabled then instead of the original client
address that matches one of the trusted addresses, the last
address sent in `X-Forwarded-For` will be used.
If recursive search is enabled then instead of the original client
address that matches one of the trusted addresses, the last
non-trusted address sent in `X-Forwarded-For` will be used.
