---
title: Connection processing methods
description: Connection processing methods
toc: true
nd-org-source: events.xml
---


<!--
      ********************************************************************************
      🛑 WARNING: AUTOGENERATED FILE - DO NOT EDIT 🛑 This Markdown file was
      automatically generated from the source XML documentation. Any manual
      changes made directly to this file will be overwritten. To request or
      suggest changes, please edit the source XML files instead.
      https://github.com/nginx/nginx.org/tree/main/xml/en
      ********************************************************************************
      -->


nginx supports a variety of connection processing methods.
The availability of a particular method depends on the platform used.
On platforms that support several methods nginx will normally
select the most efficient method automatically.
However, if needed, a connection processing method can be selected
explicitly with the
[use]({{< relref "ngx_core_module#use" >}}) directive.

The following connection processing methods are supported:

- `select` — standard method.
The supporting module is built automatically on platforms that lack
more efficient methods.
The `--with-select_module` and
`--without-select_module` configuration parameters
can be used to forcibly enable or disable the build of this module.

- `poll` — standard method.
The supporting module is built automatically on platforms that lack
more efficient methods.
The `--with-poll_module` and
`--without-poll_module` configuration parameters
can be used to forcibly enable or disable the build of this module.

- `kqueue` — efficient method used on
FreeBSD 4.1+, OpenBSD 2.9+, NetBSD 2.0, and macOS.

- `epoll` — efficient method used on
Linux 2.6+.

> The `EPOLLRDHUP` (Linux 2.6.17, glibc 2.8) and `EPOLLEXCLUSIVE` (Linux 4.5, glibc 2.24) flags are supported since 1.11.3.


> Some older distributions like SuSE 8.2 provide patches that add epoll support to 2.4 kernels.


- `/dev/poll` — efficient method used on
Solaris 7 11/99+, HP/UX 11.22+ (eventport), IRIX 6.5.15+,
and Tru64 UNIX 5.1A+.

- `eventport` — event ports, method
used on Solaris 10+ (due to known issues,
it is recommended using the `/dev/poll` method instead).


