---
title: "2.0.0 release notes"
weight: 999
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

December 21, 2021

NGINX Instance Manager 2.0.0 release notes

## What's new {#2-0-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **(Experimental) Share a configuration across multiple instances**<a name="2-0-0-whats-new-Experimental-Share-a-configuration-across-multiple-instances-28131"></a>

   With a feature called **Instance Groups**, you can share the same configuration across multiple instances. So, if your website requires a number of instances to support the load, you can publish the same configuration to each instance with ease.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **More metrics and instance dashboards**<a name="2-0-0-whats-new-More-metrics-and-instance-dashboards-28155"></a>

   Instance Manager now collects additional metrics from the NGINX instances. We also added pre-configured dashboards to the web interface for each NGINX instance managed by Instance Manager. See the [Catalog Reference]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/catalogs/" >}}) documentation for a complete list of metrics.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **New architecture!**<a name="2-0-0-whats-new-New-architecture-28537"></a>

   We redesigned and improved the architecture of Instance Manager!

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Improved user access control**<a name="2-0-0-whats-new-Improved-user-access-control-44369"></a>

   Instance Manager 2.x. allows you to create user access controls with tags. Administrators can grant users read or write access to perform instance management tasks. And admins can grant or restrict access to the Settings options, such as managing licenses and creating users and roles. See the [Set up Authentication]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/authentication/basic-auth/set-up-basic-authentication.md#rbac" >}}) guide for more details.

## Known issues {#2-0-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
