---
title: "2.1.0 release notes"
weight: 997
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

April 05, 2022

NGINX Instance Manager 2.1.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-1-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.1.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.0.0 - 2.0.1

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-1-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds Docker support for NGINX Agent**<a name="2-1-0-whats-new-Adds-Docker-support-for-NGINX-Agent-31656"></a>

   Now you can collect metrics about the Docker containers that the NGINX Agent is running in. The NGINX Agent uses the available cgroup files to calculate metrics like CPU and memory usage.

   If you have multiple Docker containers on your data plane host, each container registers with Instance Manager as unique.

   Refer to the [NGINX Agent Docker Support](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-agent/installation-upgrade/container-environments/docker-support/) guide for details.

   {{< call-out "note" >}}Containerizing the NGINX Agent is supported only with Docker at the moment. Look for additional container support in future releases of Instance Manager.{{< /call-out >}}

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Redesigned metrics views in the web interface**<a name="2-1-0-whats-new-Redesigned-metrics-views-in-the-web-interface-31989"></a>

   The metrics pages in the web interface have been revised and improved.

   See the [View Metrics]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics" >}}) topic to get started.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **New RBAC lets you limit access to NGINX Instance Manager features**<a name="2-1-0-whats-new-New-RBAC-lets-you-limit-access-to-NGINX-Instance-Manager-features-32076"></a>

   RBAC has been updated and improved. Add users to roles -- or add users to user groups if you're using an external identity provider -- to limit access to Instance Manager features.

   For more information, see the tutorial [Set Up RBAC]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/rbac/overview-rbac.md" >}}).

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Improved certificate handling**<a name="2-1-0-whats-new-Improved-certificate-handling-32457"></a>

   Stability and performance improvements for managing certificates using the web interface.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **View events for your NGINX instances**<a name="2-1-0-whats-new-View-events-for-your-NGINX-instances-32826"></a>

   Now you can use the Instance Manager API or web interface to view events for your NGINX instances.

   See the [View Events]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics" >}}) and [View Events (API)]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics" >}}) topics for instructions.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Deploy NGINX Instance Manager on Kubernetes using a helm chart**<a name="2-1-0-whats-new-Deploy-NGINX-Instance-Manager-on-Kubernetes-using-a-helm-chart-32974"></a>

   We recommend using the Instance Manager helm chart to install Instance Manager on Kubernetes.

   Among the benefits of deploying from a helm chart, the chart includes the required services, which you can scale independently as needed; upgrades can be done with a single helm command; and there's no requirement for root privileges.

   For instructions, see [Install from a Helm Chart]({{< ref "/nim/deploy/kubernetes/deploy-using-helm.md" >}}).

## Changes in default behavior{#2-1-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Tags are no longer enforced for RBAC or set when creating or updating a role**<a name="2-1-0-changes-in-behavior-Tags-are-no-longer-enforced-for-RBAC-or-set-when-creating-or-updating-a-role-31906"></a>

   If you're using tags for RBAC on an earlier version of Instance Manager, you'll need to re-create your roles after upgrading. Tags assigned to instances for the purpose of RBAC won't be honored after you upgrade.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **The DeploymentDetails API now requires values for `failure` and `success`**<a name="2-1-0-changes-in-behavior-The-DeploymentDetails-API-now-requires-values-for-failure-and-success-33560"></a>

   The DeploymentDetails API spec has changed. Now, the `failure` and `success` fields are required. The values can be an empty array or an array of UUIDs of NGINX instances.

   Endpoint: `/systems/instances/deployments/{deploymentUid}`

   Example JSON Response

   ```json
           {
             "createTime": "2022-04-18T23:09:16Z",
             "details": {
               "failure": [ ],
               "success": [
                 {
                   "name": "27de7cb8-f7d6-3639-b2a5-b7f48883aee1"
                 }
               ]
             },
             "id": "07c6101e-27c9-4dbb-b934-b5ed75e389e0",
             "status": "finalized",
             "updateTime": "2022-04-18T23:09:16Z"
           }
   ```

## Resolved issues {#2-1-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Unable to register multiple NGINX Agents in containers on the same host (30780)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Include cycles in the configuration cause analyzer to spin. (31025)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} System reports "error granting scope: forbidden" if user granting permissions belongs to more than one role (31215)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} When using Instance Groups, tag-based access controls are not enforced (31267)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Bad Gateway (502) errors with Red Hat 7 (31277)

## Known issues {#2-1-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
