---
title: "2.13.0 release notes"
weight: 981
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

August 28, 2023

NGINX Instance Manager 2.13.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-13-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.13.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.10.0 - 2.12.0

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-13-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Easily manage access to specific objects with Resource Groups**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-Easily-manage-access-to-specific-objects-with-Resource-Groups-34692"></a>

   With NGINX Instance Manager, you can now combine Instances, Instance Groups, and Certificates into a Resource Group. This grouping can be used when defining roles to grant access to those specific objects. When objects are added to or removed from the Resource Group, the changes are automatically reflected in any roles that use the Resource Group. For more details, refer to [Working with Resource Groups]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/rbac/manage-resource-groups.md" >}}).

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Get version controlled NGINX configurations with an external commit hash**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-Get-version-controlled-NGINX-configurations-with-an-external-commit-hash-38455"></a>

   The Instance Manager REST API supports setting and retrieving instances, instance groups, and staged NGINX configurations using a version control commit hash.

   To learn how to use a commit hash with NGINX configurations, refer to these topics:

   - [Add Hash Versioning to Staged Configs]({{< ref "/nim/nginx-configs/stage-configs.md#hash-versioning-staged-configs" >}})
   - [Publish Configs with Hash Versioning to Instances]({{< ref "/nim/nginx-configs/publish-configs.md#publish-configs-instances-hash-versioning" >}})
   - [Publish Configs with Hash Versioning to Instance Groups]({{< ref "/nim/nginx-configs/publish-configs.md#publish-configs-instance-groups-hash-versioning" >}})

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Configure analytics data retention with the nms.conf file**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-Configure-analytics-data-retention-with-the-nmsconf-file-42779"></a>

   You can set the data retention policy for analytics data, which includes metrics, events, and security events, in the `nms.conf` file. By default, metrics and security events are stored for 32 days, while events are stored for 120 days. To keep data for a longer period, update the retention durations in the `nms.conf` file.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **RBAC for security policies**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-RBAC-for-security-policies-43393"></a>

   You can now use [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/rbac/overview-rbac.md" >}}) to allow or restrict the level of access to security policies according to your security governance model.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **RBAC for log profiles**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-RBAC-for-log-profiles-43395"></a>

   You can now use [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/rbac/overview-rbac.md" >}}) to allow or restrict access to log profiles according to your security governance model.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Use NGINX Plus Health Checks to easily track NGINX Plus Usage with NGINX Instance Manager**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-Use-NGINX-Plus-Health-Checks-to-easily-track-NGINX-Plus-Usage-with-NGINX-Instance-Manager-43614"></a>

   The NGINX Plus Health Check feature now allows you to monitor the count of both NGINX Plus and NGINX App Protect instances that you've deployed. You can view this information in the "NGINX Plus" area of the "Instance Manager" web interface, or through the `/inventory` API. For guidance on how to set this up, refer to the following documentation: [View Count of NGINX Plus Instances]({{< ref "/nim/licensing-and-reporting/report-usage-connected-deployment.md" >}}).

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Improved log output for better JSON parsing**<a name="2-13-0-whats-new-Improved-log-output-for-better-JSON-parsing-44118"></a>

   In the log output, extra whitespace has been removed, and brackets have been removed from the log `level` field. This results in clean, parsable log output, particularly when using JSON log encoding.

## Resolved issues {#2-13-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Staged configs fail to publish after upgrading NGINX Management Suite (37479)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Error: "Failed to create secret" when reinstalling or upgrading NGINX Management Suite in Kubernetes (42967)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} An "unregistered clickhouse-adapter" failure is logged every few seconds if logging is set to debug. (43438)

## Known issues {#2-13-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
