---
title: "2.14.0 release notes"
weight: 979
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

October 16, 2023

NGINX Instance Manager 2.14.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-14-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.14.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.11.0 - 2.13.1

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-14-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Instance Manager Dashboard**<a name="2-14-0-whats-new-Instance-Manager-Dashboard-41230"></a>

   Monitor the health and performance of your NGINX instance fleet from a single page. Get insights and trends on CPU, memory, disk, and network traffic utilization. Quickly spot and mitigate common HTTP errors and TLS certificate issues. See the [Instance Manager Dashboard]({{< ref "nim/fundamentals/dashboard-overview.md" >}}) documentation to learn more.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Work with F5 WAF for NGINX Bundles from Instance Manager**<a name="2-14-0-whats-new-Work-with-F5-WAF-for-NGINX-Bundles-from-Instance-Manager-43798"></a>

   Starting with Instance Manager 2.14, you can now use the "/security/policies/bundles" endpoint to create, read, update, and delete F5 WAF for NGINX bundles, which allow faster deployment through pre-compilation of security policies, attack signatures, and threat-campaign.  For additional information on how to use the API endpoint, refer to your product API documentation.
   To learn more about this feature, see the [Manage WAF Security Policies]({{< ref "/nim/waf-integration/policies-and-logs/_index.md" >}}) documentation.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Clickhouse LTS 23.8 support**<a name="2-14-0-whats-new-Clickhouse-LTS-238-support-44560"></a>

   This release of Instance Manager has been tested and is compatible with Clickhouse LTS versions 22.3.15.33 to 23.8.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-14-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Inactive NGINX instances are automatically removed over time**<a name="2-14-0-changes-in-behavior-Inactive-NGINX-instances-are-automatically-removed-over-time-43006"></a>

   If an NGINX instance has been inactive (NGINX Agent not reporting to NGINX Management Suite) for a fixed amount of time, it is now automatically removed from the instances list. Instances deployed in a virtual machine or hardware are removed after 72 hours of inactivity, and those deployed in a container are removed after 12 hours.

## Resolved issues {#2-14-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} OIDC-authenticated users can't view the Users list using the API or web interface (43031)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} getAttackCountBySeverity endpoint broken with NGINX App Protect 4.4 and above (44051)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Certificates may not appear in resource group  (44323)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} NGINX Agent does not report NGINX App Protect status (44531)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Issues sorting HTTP errors in the dashboard (44536)

## Known issues {#2-14-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
