---
title: "2.16.0 release notes"
weight: 975
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

April 18, 2024

NGINX Instance Manager 2.16.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-16-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.16.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.13.0 - 2.15.1

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-16-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Introducing configuration templates for simplifying NGINX configurations and self-service workflows**<a name="2-16-0-whats-new-Introducing-configuration-templates-for-simplifying-NGINX-configurations-and-self-service-workflows-44605"></a>

   This release of NGINX Instance Manager introduces [Config Templates]({{< ref "nim/nginx-configs/config-templates/concepts/config-templates.md" >}}). These templates use Go templating to make it easier to set up and standardize NGINX configurations. Now, you don't need to know all the details of NGINX syntax to create a working configuration. Just provide the required inputs for a template, and the system will do the rest. This makes setting up NGINX simpler and helps you follow best practices.

   To provide more control over your configurations, [augment templates]({{< ref "nim/nginx-configs/config-templates/concepts/default-base-template.md#augmenting-global-default-base-template" >}}) let you modify only specific segments of your NGINX configuration. This, when combined with [RBAC for template submissions]({{< ref "/nim/nginx-configs/config-templates/how-to/rbac-config-templates-and-submissions.md" >}}), enables self-service workflows. Look for pre-built templates for common scenarios in our GitHub repositories soon.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Stability and performance improvements**<a name="2-16-0-whats-new-Stability-and-performance-improvements-44878"></a>

   This release enhances system stability and performance.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-16-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Change in NGINX Agent upgrade behavior**<a name="2-16-0-changes-in-behavior-Change-in-NGINX-Agent-upgrade-behavior-44644"></a>

   Starting from version v2.31.0, the NGINX Agent will automatically restart itself during an upgrade.

## Resolved issues {#2-16-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Upgrading to 2.12 disables telemetry (43606)

## Known issues {#2-16-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
