---
title: "2.17.0 release notes"
weight: 974
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

July 10, 2024

NGINX Instance Manager 2.17.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-17-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.17.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.14.0 - 2.16.0

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-17-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds support for F5 WAF for NGINX v5**<a name="2-17-0-whats-new-Adds-support-for-F5-WAF-for-NGINX-v5-44919"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager 2.17.0 adds support for [F5 WAF for NGINX v5.](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/admin-guide/overview/).

   F5 WAF for NGINX v5 (designed for both NGINX Open Source and NGINX Plus environments) consists of a dynamic NGINX module and containerized WAF services, providing robust security and scalability.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Hosted Docker images for Kubernetes Helm charts**<a name="2-17-0-whats-new-Hosted-Docker-images-for-Kubernetes-Helm-charts-44921"></a>

   Prior to this release, users had to download NGINX Instance Manager docker images and push them to their local container registry for use in the Kubernetes Helm charts. This was not very turnkey and required multiple steps before being able to use the Helm charts. Now all Instance Manager container images are available from F5's public docker repository, simplifying the installation in Kubernetes.

   See the [Deploy Instance Manager on Kubernetes]({{< ref "/nim/deploy/kubernetes/deploy-using-helm.md" >}}) documentation for more information.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Ansible role to deploy NGINX Instance Manager**<a name="2-17-0-whats-new-Ansible-role-to-deploy-NGINX-Instance-Manager-44922"></a>

   This release comes with an Ansible role to help you Install NGINX Instance Manager quickly, while also encouraging the best practices for your chosen environment.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **NGINX Instance Manager IaC using Packer and Terraform**<a name="2-17-0-whats-new-NGINX-Instance-Manager-IaC-using-Packer-and-Terraform-44923"></a>

   This release improves the [Infrastructure as Code (IaC) project]({{< ref "/nim/deploy/infrastructure-as-code/overview.md#nginx-management-suite-infrastructure-as-code" >}}) to help you quickly get started with NGINX Instance Manager using Packer and Terraform.

   The project uses Packer to create images and Terraform to deploy these images to your preferred cloud provider, including GCP, Azure, or vSphere.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Single docker image with all the NGINX Instance Manager services and dependencies**<a name="2-17-0-whats-new-Single-docker-image-with-all-the-NGINX-Instance-Manager-services-and-dependencies-45086"></a>

   This release includes access to a single Docker image for running NGINX Instance Manager as a container. This allows customers to deploy Instance Manager locally with a single "docker run" command. For more details, see [Deploy NGINX Instance Manager in a Single Docker Container]({{< ref "/nim/deploy/docker/deploy-nginx-instance-manager-docker-compose.md" >}}).

## Changes in default behavior{#2-17-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Web Analytics**<a name="2-17-0-changes-in-behavior-Web-Analytics-44927"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager now collects and sends anonymized telemetry and interaction information for analysis by F5 NGINX. This information is used to improve our products and services.

   Customers have the option to opt out of data collection by disabling the feature in the Instance Manager web interface, using the Account menu in the top-right corner of the screen. For more details, see [Configure Telemetry and Web Analytics]({{< ref "/nim/system-configuration/configure-telemetry.md" >}}).

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Augment Template order now matches NGINX configuration structure**<a name="2-17-0-changes-in-behavior-Augment-Template-order-now-matches-NGINX-configuration-structure-44985"></a>

   When you generate a configuration using augment templates, the order shown in the UI now matches the structure of an NGINX configuration. This makes filling out a template more intuitive.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **End of support for CentOS 7 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7**<a name="2-17-0-changes-in-behavior-End-of-support-for-CentOS-7-and-Red-Hat-Enterprise-Linux-7-45134"></a>

   CentOS 7 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 reached [end of maintenance support](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/linux-platforms/enterprise-linux/rhel-7-end-of-maintenance) on June 30, 2024.

   Since these operating systems won't get any more updates or security patches, NGINX Instance Manager no longer supports them.

   Please upgrade your environment to one of the [supported distributions]({{< ref "/nim/fundamentals/tech-specs.md#supported-distributions" >}}) to continue using NGINX Instance Manager.

## Resolved issues {#2-17-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Users receive login error when NGINX Management Suite is deployed in Kubernetes (44686)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} REST API does not work until you log into the web interface first (44877)
- {{% icon-resolved %}}  Editing template submissions uses the latest versions, may cause "malformed" errors (44961)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Editing template submissions now allows for using most recent template version (44971)

## Known issues {#2-17-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
