---
title: "2.2.0 release notes"
weight: 996
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

May 25, 2022

NGINX Instance Manager 2.2.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-2-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.2.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.0.0 - 2.1.0

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-2-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **New events for NGINX processes and configuration rollbacks**<a name="2-2-0-whats-new-New-events-for-NGINX-processes-and-configuration-rollbacks-32476"></a>

   Now, you can use the [NGINX Instance Manager Events API]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics.md" >}}) or [web interface]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics.md" >}}) to view events when NGINX instances start and reload or when a configuration is rolled back.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Filter events and metrics with custom date and time ranges**<a name="2-2-0-whats-new-Filter-events-and-metrics-with-custom-date-and-time-ranges-32796"></a>

   Now you can filter [events]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics" >}}) and [metrics]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/view-events-metrics" >}}) using a custom date and time range. Select **Custom time range** in the filter list, then specify the date and time range you want to use.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Role-based access control added to Events and Metrics pages**<a name="2-2-0-whats-new-Role-based-access-control-added-to-Events-and-Metrics-pages-33362"></a>

   A warning message is shown when users try to view the Events and Metrics pages in the web interface if they don't have permission to access the Analytics feature. For instructions on assigning access to features using role-based access control (RBAC), see [Set Up RBAC]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/rbac/overview-rbac.md" >}}).

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Modules field added to Metrics and Dimensions catalogs**<a name="2-2-0-whats-new-Modules-field-added-to-Metrics-and-Dimensions-catalogs-33935"></a>

   A `modules` field was added to the [Metics]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/catalogs/metrics.md" >}}) and [Dimensions]({{< ref "/nim/monitoring/catalogs/dimensions.md" >}}) catalogs. This field indicates which module or modules the metric or dimension belongs to.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds reporting for NGINX worker metrics (API only)**<a name="2-2-0-whats-new-Adds-reporting-for-NGINX-worker-metrics-API-only-33994"></a>

   The NGINX Agent now gathers metrics for NGINX workers. You can access these metrics using the NGINX Instance Manager Metrics API.

   The following worker metrics are reported:

   - The count of NGINX workers
   - CPU, IO, and memory usage

## Resolved issues {#2-2-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Running Agent install script with sh returns “not found” error  (33385)

## Known issues {#2-2-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
