---
title: "2.3.0 release notes"
weight: 995
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

June 30, 2022

NGINX Instance Manager 2.3.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-3-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.3.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.0.0 - 2.2.0

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-3-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Instance Manager provides information about your F5 WAF for NGINX installations**<a name="2-3-0-whats-new-Instance-Manager-provides-information-about-your-F5-WAF-for-NGINX-installations-32145"></a>

   You can configure NGINX Agent to report the following F5 WAF for NGINX installation information to NGINX Management Suite:

   - The current version of F5 WAF for NGINX
   - The current status of F5 WAF for NGINX (active or inactive)
   - The Attack Signatures package version
   - The Threat Campaigns package version

- {{% icon-feature %}} **View a summary of your instances' most important metrics for the last 24 hours**<a name="2-3-0-whats-new-View-a-summary-of-your-instances-most-important-metrics-for-the-last-24-hours-33564"></a>

   This release adds a **Metrics Summary** page, from which you can view key system, network, HTTP request, and connection metrics at a glance for the last 24 hours. After logging in to Instance Manager, select an instance on the **Instances Overview** page, then select the **Metrics Summary** tab.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Track the details for your NGINX Plus instances**<a name="2-3-0-whats-new-Track-the-details-for-your-NGINX-Plus-instances-33744"></a>

   Easily track your NGINX Plus instances from the new NGINX Plus inventory list page. [View the current count for all your NGINX Plus instances]({{< ref "/nim/licensing-and-reporting/report-usage-connected-deployment.md" >}}), as well as each instance's hostname, UID, version, and the last time each instance was reported to Instance Manager. Select the `Export` button to export the list of NGINX Plus instances to a `.csv` file.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Explore events in NGINX Instance Manager with the Events Catalogs API**<a name="2-3-0-whats-new-Explore-events-in-NGINX-Instance-Manager-with-the-Events-Catalogs-API-34106"></a>

   This release introduces a Catalogs API endpoint specifically for viewing NGINX Instance Manager events and corresponding information. You can access the endpoint at `/analytics/catalogs/events`.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Support for provisioning users and user groups with SCIM**<a name="2-3-0-whats-new-Support-for-provisioning-users-and-user-groups-with-SCIM-34398"></a>

   Now, you can [use SCIM to provision, update, or deprovision users and user groups]({{< ref "/nim/admin-guide/authentication/oidc/scim-provisioning.md" >}}) for your Identity Provider to NGINX Instance Manager. SCIM, short for "[System for Cross-domain Identity Management](http://www.simplecloud.info)," is an open API for managing identities.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds support for Ubuntu 22.04**<a name="2-3-0-whats-new-Adds-support-for-Ubuntu-2204-34714"></a>

   The NGINX Management Suite, which includes NGINX Instance Manager, now supports Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy).

   Refer to the [Technical Specifications Guide]({{< ref "/nim/fundamentals/tech-specs" >}}) for details.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-3-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **New login screen**<a name="2-3-0-changes-in-behavior-New-login-screen-33681"></a>

   Sometimes it's the small things that count. Now, when logging in to NGINX Instance Manager, you're treated to an attractive-looking login screen instead of a bland system prompt. 🤩

## Resolved issues {#2-3-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Post-install steps to load SELinux policy are in the wrong order (34276)

## Known issues {#2-3-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
