---
title: "2.4.0 release notes"
weight: 993
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

August 16, 2022

NGINX Instance Manager 2.4.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-4-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.4.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.1.0 - 2.3.1

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-4-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Get notified about critical events**<a name="2-4-0-whats-new-Get-notified-about-critical-events-34262"></a>

   Instance Manager 2.4 adds a notifications panel to the web interface. After logging in to NGINX Management Suite, select the notification bell at the top of the page to view critical system events (`WARNING` or `ERROR` level events). Future releases will support additional notification options.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **See which of your NGINX Plus instances have NGINX App Protect installed**<a name="2-4-0-whats-new-See-which-of-your-NGINX-Plus-instances-have-NGINX-App-Protect-installed-34879"></a>

   Now, when you [view your NGINX Plus inventory]({{< ref "/nim/licensing-and-reporting/report-usage-connected-deployment.md" >}}), you can see which instances have [NGINX App Protect](https://www.nginx.com/products/nginx-app-protect/) installed. NGINX App Protect is a modern app‑security solution that works seamlessly in DevOps environments as a robust WAF or app‑level DoS defense, helping you deliver secure apps from code to customer.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-4-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **You no longer need to associate a certificate with an instance using the web interface**<a name="2-4-0-changes-in-behavior-You-no-longer-need-to-associate-a-certificate-with-an-instance-using-the-web-interface-36048"></a>

   NGINX Management Suite will automatically deploy a certificate to an NGINX instance if the instance's config references the certificate on the NMS platform.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds nms-integrations service**<a name="2-4-0-changes-in-behavior-Adds-nms-integrations-service-36731"></a>

   This release adds a new service called `nms-integerations`. This service is for future integrations; no user management or configuration is needed at this time.

## Resolved issues {#2-4-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Unable to publish config changes to a custom nginx.conf location (35276)

## Known issues {#2-4-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
