---
title: "2.6.0 release notes"
weight: 990
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

November 17, 2022

NGINX Instance Manager 2.6.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-6-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.6.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.3.0 - 2.5.1

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-6-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Manage and deploy configurations to F5 WAF for NGINX Instances**<a name="2-6-0-whats-new-Manage-and-deploy-configurations-to-F5-WAF-for-NGINX-Instances-32134"></a>

   This release introduces the following features to [manage and deploy configurations to F5 WAF for NGINX instances]({{< ref "/nim/waf-integration/overview.md" >}}):

   - Create, upsert, and delete F5 WAF for NGINX security policies
   - Manage F5 WAF for NGINX security configurations by using the NGINX Management Suite user interface or REST API
   - Update Signatures and Threat Campaign packages
   - Compile security configurations into a binary bundle that can be consumed by NGINX App Protect WAF instances

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds support for RHEL 9**<a name="2-6-0-whats-new-Adds-support-for-RHEL-9-34729"></a>

   Instance Manager 2.6 supports RHEL 9. See the [Technical Specifications Guide]({{< ref "/nim/fundamentals/tech-specs#distributions" >}}) for details.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Support for using HashiCorp Vault for storing secrets**<a name="2-6-0-whats-new-Support-for-using-HashiCorp-Vault-for-storing-secrets-36163"></a>

   NGINX Management Suite now supports the use of Hashicorp Vault to store secrets such as SSL Certificates and Keys. Use of a new or existing Vault deployment is supported.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Graph and additional data are included in NGINX Plus usage tracking interface**<a name="2-6-0-whats-new-Graph-and-additional-data-are-included-in-NGINX-Plus-usage-tracking-interface-36916"></a>

   On the NGINX Plus usage tracking page, the number of NGINX Plus instances used over time is available in a graph. You can also view the minimum, maximum, and average count of concurrent unique instances in a given time period.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Adds support for Oracle 8**<a name="2-6-0-whats-new-Adds-support-for-Oracle-8-37704"></a>

   Oracle 8 is now [a supported distribution]({{< ref "/nim/fundamentals/tech-specs#distributions" >}}) starting with Instance Manager 2.6. You can use the RedHat/CentOS distro to install the Oracle 8 package.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-6-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **GET Roles API responses now include user and group associations**<a name="2-6-0-changes-in-behavior-GET-Roles-API-responses-now-include-user-and-group-associations-37372"></a>

   `GET /roles` and `GET/roles/{roleName}` API responses include any user(s) or group(s) associated with a role now.

## Resolved issues {#2-6-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Password error "option unknown" occurs when installing NGINX Instance Manager on Ubuntu with OpenSSL v1.1.0 (33055)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Instance Manager reports the F5 WAF for NGINX build number as the version (37510)

## Known issues {#2-6-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
