---
title: "2.7.0 release notes"
weight: 989
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

December 20, 2022

NGINX Instance Manager 2.7.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-7-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.7.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.4.0 - 2.6.0

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-7-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **F5 WAF for NGINX  upgrades are supported**<a name="2-7-0-changes-in-behavior-F5-WAF-for-NGINX-upgrades-are-supported-28412"></a>

   You can upgrade F5 WAF for NGINX on managed instances where Instance Manager publishes F5 WAF for NGINX policies and configurations. For example, upgrade from release 3.12.2 to release 4.0.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **NGINX Management Suite Config file is now in YAML format**<a name="2-7-0-changes-in-behavior-NGINX-Management-Suite-Config-file-is-now-in-YAML-format-37438"></a>

   With the release of NGINX Instance Manager 2.7, the NGINX Management Suite configuration file is now in YAML format. Through the upgrade process, your existing configuration will automatically be updated. Any settings you have customized will be maintained in the new format. If you have existing automation tooling for the deployment of the NGINX Management Suite that makes changes to the configuration file, you will need to update it to account for the change.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Existing NGINX Agent configuration kept during upgrade to the latest version**<a name="2-7-0-changes-in-behavior-Existing-NGINX-Agent-configuration-kept-during-upgrade-to-the-latest-version-39408"></a>

   When upgrading NGINX Agent, the existing NGINX Agent configuration is maintained during the upgrade. If the Agent configuration is not present in `/etc/nginx-agent/nginx-agent.conf`, a default configuration is provided after NGINX Agent installation.

## Resolved issues {#2-7-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} Instance Manager reports old NGINX version after upgrade (31225)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Instance Manager returns a "Download failed" error when editing an NGINX config for instances compiled and installed from source (35851)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} Null data count is not correctly represented in the NGINX Plus usage graph. (38206)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} When upgrading a multi-node NMS deployment with helm charts the core, dpm, or integrations pods may fail to start (38589)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} When upgrading Instance Manager from v2.4 to later versions of Instance Manager, certificate associations are no longer visible. (38641)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} NGINX App Protect policy deployment status not reflecting removal of associated instance. (38700)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} When upgrading a multi-node NMS deployment with helm charts the ingestion pod may report a "Mismatched migration version" error (38880)
- {{% icon-resolved %}} After a version upgrade of NGINX Instance Manager, NMS Data Plane Manager crashes if you publish NGINX configuration with App Protect enablement directive (app_protect_enable) set to ON (38904)

## Known issues {#2-7-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
