---
title: "2.20.0 release notes"
weight: 963
toc: true
f5content-type: reference
f5product: F5 NGINX Instance Manager
description: "Release notes for F5 NGINX Instance Manager, including new features, improvements, and bug fixes in each release."
f5-summary: >
   Stay up to date with the latest features, improvements, and bug fixes in F5 NGINX Instance Manager. This document provides details about new features, known issues, and resolved problems for each version.
---

June 16, 2025

NGINX Instance Manager 2.20.0 release notes
## Upgrade Paths {#2-20-0-upgrade-paths}

NGINX Instance Manager 2.20.0 supports upgrades from these previous versions:

- 2.17.0 - 2.19.3

If your NGINX Instance Manager version is older, you may need to upgrade to an intermediate version before upgrading to the target version.

## What's new {#2-20-0-whats-new}

This release includes the following updates:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Added support to report on multiple NGINX One subscriptions using a single instance of NGINX Instance Manager**<a name="2-20-0-whats-new-Added-support-to-report-on-multiple-NGINX-One-subscriptions-using-a-single-instance-of-NGINX-Instance-Manager-45799"></a>

   Customers can have multiple NGINX One subscriptions or licenses with different attributes (prod, nonprod, etc.). Now a single NGINX Instance Manager can receive usage from these instances and send a bulk usage report to F5.

   We also simplified the licensing process for disconnected use cases. When running NGINX Instance Manager in disconnected mode, all features are enabled for 90 days when a JWT is uploaded. Customers have these 90 days to send the first usage report to activate the NGINX Instance Manager license.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Introducing lightweight mode**<a name="2-20-0-whats-new-Introducing-lightweight-mode-45800"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager can now run in lightweight mode without the ClickHouse database dependency. This mode requires fewer resources and is perfect for customers who don’t need metrics-related functionality. It supports basic use cases such as:

   - Fleet management
   - WAF configuration
   - Usage tracking
   - Certificate management
   - Template automation

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Improved web analytics sent to F5**<a name="2-20-0-whats-new-Improved-web-analytics-sent-to-F5-45802"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager now sends improved web analytics to F5. This helps F5 understand common use cases of NGINX Instance Manager and improve functionality.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Introducing lightweight mode**<a name="2-20-0-whats-new-Introducing-lightweight-mode-47154"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager can now run in lightweight mode without the ClickHouse database dependency. This mode requires fewer resources and is perfect for customers who don’t need metrics-related functionality. It supports basic use cases such as:

   - Fleet management
   - WAF configuration
   - Usage tracking
   - Certificate management
   - Template automation

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Improved web analytics sent to F5**<a name="2-20-0-whats-new-Improved-web-analytics-sent-to-F5-47156"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager now sends improved web analytics to F5. This helps F5 understand common use cases of NGINX Instance Manager and improve functionality.

## Changes in default behavior{#2-20-0-changes-in-behavior}

This release has the following changes in default behavior:

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Breadcrumbs added for Overview, Manage, and Config templates**<a name="2-20-0-changes-in-behavior-Breadcrumbs-added-for-Overview-Manage-and-Config-templates-45933"></a>

   We have added breadcrumb navigation links for the "Overview", "Manage", and "Config" templates in the NGINX Instance Manager user interface.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Export instance groups to Excel**<a name="2-20-0-changes-in-behavior-Export-instance-groups-to-Excel-45935"></a>

   You can now export instance groups to a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet from the Instance Group section.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Export all instances functionality added**<a name="2-20-0-changes-in-behavior-Export-all-instances-functionality-added-46026"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager’s export function only included currently visible instances, not the full list. Customers had to run separate exports and merge data manually.

   An `Export All` button is now available under the Instances section. Clicking it downloads all instance details in a single Excel file.

- {{% icon-feature %}} **Automatic feature enablement in disconnected instances on license upload**<a name="2-20-0-changes-in-behavior-Automatic-feature-enablement-in-disconnected-instances-on-license-upload-46111"></a>

   NGINX Instance Manager now enables all features by default when you upload a license to a disconnected instance. This update ensures customers can begin using the full capabilities of the system without additional configuration.

   Customers have a 90-day window to complete the full license process. If they don’t complete it within this period, the instance is automatically deactivated.

## Resolved issues {#2-20-0-resolved-issues}

This release fixes the following issues. Use your browser's search function to find the issue ID in the page.

- {{% icon-resolved %}} The certificate stats are not displayed correctly in the Certificates and Keys page as well as the Dashboard page. (45991)

## Known issues {#2-20-0-known-issues}

You can find information about known issues in the [Known Issues]({{< ref "/nim/releases/known-issues.md" >}}) topic.
